international:In a future where the elite inhabit an island paradise far from the crowded slums, you get one chance to join the 3% saved from squalor.
drama:After a devastating earthquake hits Mexico City, trapped survivors from all walks of life wait to be rescued while trying desperately to stay alive.
horror:When an army recruit is found dead, his fellow soldiers are forced to confront a terrifying secret that's haunting their jungle island training camp.
action:In a postapocalyptic world, rag-doll robots hide in fear from dangerous machines out to exterminate them, until a brave newcomer joins the group.
drama:A brilliant group of students become card-counting experts with the intent of swindling millions out of Las Vegas casinos by playing blackjack.
international:A genetics professor experiments with a treatment for his comatose sister that blends medical and shamanic cures, but unlocks a shocking side effect.
horror:After an awful accident, a couple admitted to a grisly hospital are separated and must find each other to escape — before death finds them.
drama:After one of his high school students attacks him, dedicated teacher Trevor Garfield grows weary of the gang warfare in the New York City school system and moves to California to teach there, thinking it must be a less hostile environment.
horror:When a doctor goes missing, his psychiatrist wife treats the bizarre medical condition of a psychic patient, who knows much more than he's leading on.
horror:An architect and his wife move into a castle that is slated to become a luxury hotel. But something inside is determined to stop the renovation.
drama:A farmer pens a confession admitting to his wife's murder, but her death is just the beginning of a macabre tale. Based on Stephen King's novella.
crime:In this dark alt-history thriller, a naïve law student and a world-weary detective uncover a conspiracy that has tyrannized Poland for decades.
crime:Archival video and new interviews examine Mexican politics in 1994, a year marked by the rise of the EZLN and the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio.
documentary:This intimate documentary follows rock star Artiwara Kongmalai on his historic, 2,215-kilometer charity run across Thailand in 2017.
other:Stranded when the Earth is suddenly destroyed in a mysterious cataclysm, the astronauts aboard a marooned space station slowly lose their minds.
drama:Against the backdrop of Nigeria's looming independence from Britain, detective Danladi Waziri races to capture a killer terrorizing local women.
international:As a psychology professor faces Alzheimer's, his daughter and her three close female friends experience romance, marriage, heartbreak and tragedy.
drama:After devastating terror attacks in Norway, a young survivor, grieving families and the country rally for justice and healing. Based on a true story.
comedy:On India's Independence Day, a zany mishap in a Mumbai chawl disrupts a young love story while compelling the residents to unite in aid of a little boy.
other:Mixing old footage with interviews, this is the story of Arsenal's improbable win versus Liverpool in the final moments of the 1989 championship game.
drama:After accidentally connecting over the Internet, two strangers form a tight friendship – not knowing they already share a bond.
action:A taxi driver, a gangster and an athlete struggle to better their lives despite obstacles like crooked politicians, evil dons and caste barriers.
drama:A successful writer returns to the town that launched his career, encountering people who spark nostalgic, often painfully illuminating flashbacks.
drama:When a middle-aged divorcee returns to Kolkata to visit his ailing father, long-buried memories resurface, bringing new discoveries with them.
anime:Seiya and the Knights of the Zodiac rise again to protect the reincarnation of the goddess Athena, but a dark prophecy hangs over them all.
documentary:"This real-life look at FBI counterterrorism operations features access to both sides of a sting: the government informant and the radicalized target."
other:This docuseries takes a deep dive into the lucrative wellness industry, which touts health and healing. But do the products live up to the promises?
horror:As a grisly virus rampages a city, a lone man stays locked inside his apartment, digitally cut off from seeking help and desperate to find a way out.
documentary:Through her diary, Anne Frank's story is retold alongside those of five Holocaust survivors in this poignant documentary from Oscar winner Helen Mirren.
comedy:Kenya Barris and his family navigate relationships, race and culture while grappling with their newfound success in this comedy series.
documentary:This pawesome documentary explores how our feline friends became online icons, from the earliest text memes to the rise of celebrity cat influencers.
drama:Pining for his high school crush for years, a young man puts up his best efforts to move out of the friend zone until she reveals she's getting married.
drama:As Ayu and Ditto finally transition from best friends to newlyweds, a quick pregnancy creates uncertainty for the future of their young marriage.
comedy:When nerdy high schooler Dani finally attracts the interest of her longtime crush, she lands in the cross hairs of his ex, a social media celebrity.
comedy:A teenage hacker with a huge nose helps a cool kid woo a girl that he’s secretly in love with.
documentary:This documentary celebrates the 50th anniversary of the Harlem sports program that has inspired countless city kids to become pro basketball players.
comedy:Two days before their final exams, three teen girls make a seaside getaway to end their adolescence with a bang.
comedy:"After a painful breakup, a trio of party-loving friends makes a bet: who can get married in three days."
international:When two brothers fall for two sisters, they quickly realize the age differences between them are too big to ignore.
comedy:When her estranged mother suddenly dies, a woman must follow the quirky instructions laid out in the will in order to collect an important inheritance.
comedy:The slacker owner of a public bath house rallies his community to save it when a big developer comes to town to close it down and open a new mall.
horror:Young urbanites renovating a rundown house, and a psychiatrist grieving his son's disappearance, are connected to a supernatural, decades-old secret.
comedy:Vignettes of the summer holidays follow vacationers as they battle mosquitoes, suffer ruined plans and otherwise hit snags in their precious time off.
drama:In Lagos, a journalist goes undercover as a prostitute to expose human trafficking. What she finds is a world of exploited women and ruthless violence.
action:Aiming to hasten an uprising, the leader of an underground rebellion dispatches acrobatic assassin Aeon Flux to eliminate the government's top leader.
crime:An orphan subjected to tests that gave him superpowers is rescued and raised on Istanbul's streets, where he falls for a reporter linked to his past.
drama:When an aspiring dancer is uprooted during her senior year of high school, she finds herself torn between two boys – and with one shot at her dream.
drama:After escaping the bus accident that killed his girlfriend, a high school student channels his grief into running, with the help of a new coach.
comedy:After his girlfriend wins the Miss Nigeria pageant, a young man faces unexpected competition of his own when he joins her on a campaign in South Africa.
comedy:When a carefree bachelor is unexpectedly left in charge of a young boy, the two embark on a road trip that will change both of their lives.
action:Fierce mammoth hunter D'Leh sets out on an impossible journey to rescue the woman he loves from a vicious warlord and save the people of his village.
international:Upon losing his memory, a crown prince encounters a commoner’s life and experiences unforgettable love as the husband to Joseon’s oldest bachelorette.
documentary:Spanish photographer José Díaz spends 100 days living alone on a remote mountain, connecting to nature and documenting the beauty of his surroundings.
documentary:One hundred hardy souls from diverse backgrounds participate in playful experiments exploring age, sex, happiness and other aspects of being human.
drama:A man who is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis responds by training for an Ironman triathlon, with his cranky father-in-law's help.
other:Led by seventh-grader C.J., three students who have been warned about the dangers of high school decide to make the best of their middle-school years.
documentary:This documentary chronicles Elouise Cobell's long fight against the U.S. government for the gross mismanagement of mineral-rich Native American land.
drama:After high school, a young woman marries the man of her father's choice but soon faces the possibility that her religion considers the union invalid.
other:A stylist, a hair designer and a makeup artist team up to give Britain's biggest fashion disasters some much-needed makeunders.
drama:After randomly receiving a handsome political bribe, a sweet, poor elderly woman decides to treat herself a shopping spree, which doesn't go smoothly.
drama:Dealing with personal demons and the death of his son, a prizefighter attempts a return to the ring by challenging his rival to a 12-round rematch.
international:A pregnant teen is forced by her family to leave her boyfriend and assume a new identity in America, but 12 years later, the couple reunites in Korea.
horror:Young parents-to-be Claire and Ryan move into a suburban rental home, unaware that someone is secretly watching their every move via hidden cameras.
crime:After a teenage girl's perplexing suicide, a classmate receives a series of tapes that unravel the mystery of her tragic choice.
crime:Cast members, writers, producers and mental health professionals discuss some of the difficult issues and themes explored in 13 Reasons Why.
horror:A man agrees to appear on a game show with a $6 million prize. But as the challenges become more extreme, he realizes he's made a grave mistake.
documentary:In this thought-provoking documentary, scholars, activists and politicians analyze the criminalization of African Americans and the U.S. prison boom.
other:Oprah Winfrey sits down with director Ava DuVernay to discuss her Oscar-nominated film, historical cycles of oppression and the broken prison system.
action:In the age of the Ming Dynasty, Quinglong is the best of the Jinyiwei, an elite assassin squad made up of highly trained former street urchins. When evil eunuch Jia unseats the emperor, Quinglong is called to action but is quickly betrayed.
horror:Upping the “13 Cameras” ante, this sequel finds a family renting a vacation house that’s been customized to violate their privacy.
documentary:A Google executive boldly attempts a death-defying mission to travel to space and free-fall back to Earth without a rocket.
action:Tasked with escorting a prosecution witness to court, an aging cop gears up for the 16-block trek – but they'll be lucky to make it there alive.
comedy:Nearing a midlife crisis, thirty-something Mike wishes for a do-over – and that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up to find he's 17 again.
drama:A pregnant mother with terminal cancer leaves behind 18 sentimental gifts for her unborn daughter to receive every birthday until she reaches womanhood.
drama:While Spain relinquishes its last colonies, a battle-fatigued outpost engages in a long, brutal and sometimes bizarre clash with Filipino insurgents.
horror:Seeking her independence, a young woman moves to Los Angeles and settles into a cozy apartment complex with a disturbing sense of community.
horror:Student filmmakers uncover occult rituals tied to an abandoned warehouse, then gradually realize the horror is closer than they think.
comedy:A bumbling Paris policeman is doggedly determined to capture the master thief that repeatedly eludes him, even when they're the last two men on Earth.
comedy:Graduate students Krish and Ananya hope to win their parents' approval before they marry, but the two families clash over their cultural differences.
documentary:Winner of the 2014 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, this film takes a look at the world of backup vocalists and the legends they support.
crime:When his wife is convicted of murder, a horrified family man races to prove her innocence while a dogged investigator sets out to uncover the truth.
international:The world's biggest K-pop festival marked its 21st year in 2015, with groups such as EXO, 4Minute and SHINee electrifying the Seoul World Cup Stadium.
other:Working with an artificial intelligence to investigate the failure of a deadly Mars landing, a mission controller makes an astonishing discovery.
drama:In 1979, single bohemian mom Dorothea, hoping to help her teen son find his place as a man, asks two young women to share their lives with him.
comedy:Jeff's straight-and-narrow life changes abruptly when his buddies take him out for a birthday bash – the night before a crucial med school interview.
other:In a social experiment, a group of daughters sends their mothers, disguised as 21-year-olds, into the world to experience life as a member of Gen Z.
international:In one of history's greatest last stands, a battalion of 21 Sikh soldiers fights to defend their outpost from attack by over 10,000 Afghans.
crime:Players and coaches for a Montreal soccer team chase dreams of stardom while their personal lives erupt with love, fear, passion and violence.
action:In the frozen tundra of a futuristic Arizona where humans have been forced underground, a soldier hunts the bioengineered leader of a rebellion.
action:Revived by an experimental procedure, a hit man gets to live an extra 24 hours – which he uses to avenge his dead wife and child and redeem himself.
action:Four brothers learn that they have inherited ancestral land, but must fight to claim it when a greedy feudal lord threatens to take it over.
drama:Twenty-six years after the 1980 massacre at Gwangju, South Korea, three relatives of the victims come together to avenge the infamous orchestrator.
action:After a musician dies under suspicious circumstances, a hard-drinking detective and a music fan investigate why rock stars often die at the age of 27.
documentary:Explore the circumstances surrounding the tragic deaths at 27 of Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Brian Jones, Janis Joplin, Kurt Cobain and Amy Winehouse.
comedy:After her drunken antics result in property damage, an alcoholic journalist enters rehab – and soon meets a fellow resident who changes her outlook.
international:When her fiancé acts strangely upon receiving a mysterious invitation, a florist sets out to find out the truth behind the tiny scrap of paper.
action:A terminally ill secret agent accepts a risky mission in exchange for an experimental drug that might save him – if he can survive its side effects.
drama:A reporter interviews three convicts on death row for a documentary but as their stories emerge, so do her own true motivations for soliciting them.
drama:When teenage Ray begins transitioning from female to male, his single mom and grandmother must cope with the change while tracking down his father.
drama:Three Indonesian women break records by becoming the first of their nation to medal in archery at the Seoul Olympics in the summer of 1988.
comedy:While attending one of India's premier colleges, three miserable engineering students and best friends struggle to beat the school's draconian system.
documentary:A Muslim women's activist group in India protests against oral divorces, starting a movement to reclaim their religious and constitutional rights.
comedy:The lives of three dissatisfied brothers running a family bridal shop turn topsy-turvy when one of them has to care for his ex-girlfriend's baby.
comedy:With the help of his friends, a man breaks out of prison in hopes of restoring a lively nightclub.
action:Two crooks planning a bank heist wind up abducting a pizza delivery driver and force him to commit the robbery — with a strict time limit.
drama:Hoping to help their dissident parents, two brothers sneak out of Poland and land as refugees in Denmark, where they are prevented from returning home.
drama:A fiery executive in a spiritless relationship falls victim to a dominant mafia boss, who imprisons her and gives her one year to fall in love with him.
drama:Trapped by society and familial obligations, a young manga artist goes on an unconventional journey for sexual freedom and personal liberation.
children:After crash-landing on Earth, two royal teen aliens on the run struggle to blend in with humans as they evade intergalactic bounty hunters.
international:When their prison bus crashes in a forest on a rainy night, a group of criminals finds themselves battling wild animals and a mysterious killer.
documentary:After launching a successful underground restaurant out of their apartment, an ambitious chef and his wife open an all-consuming upscale eatery.
children:Paw-esome tales abound when singing furry friends Lampo, Milady, Pilou and Meatball band together.
international:In 1960s Madrid, music producer Guillermo Rojas launches a rock 'n' roll label with the help of aspiring singer Robert and clever producer Maribel.
children:When a small town's letters to Santa accidentally go up in smoke, two elves venture out of the North Pole to retrieve every missing wish.
comedy:Hoping to reunite with a dying friend, two longtime pals re-create their desert road trip from Spain to Mali, bringing along his estranged daughter.
comedy:A young mechanic comes out to his extremely straight best friends. Once they get used to the idea, they're determined to help him find the right guy.
drama:After the election-night murder of her campaign manager at a polling site, a gubernatorial candidate challenges the corrupt incumbent's victory.
action:Yanto asks his friends to help save a girlfriend who was kidnapped by a mobster. Silly slapstick and campy crimefighting ensues.
comedy:A couple finds unexpected drama when, after 40 years of living in the same Brooklyn walk-up, they attempt to sell their apartment and buy a new one.
comedy:When the Italian prime minister meets his lover and political rival while on an official trip to Budapest during Christmas week, things go topsy-turvy.
comedy:A young novelist's life is turned upside down when a chance encounter outside a New York hotel leads to an intense affair with a diplomat's wife.
comedy:After falling for a pretty art teacher who has no short-term memory, a marine veterinarian has to win her over again every single day.
comedy:An otherwise healthy twentysomething has a comically early midlife crisis when he gets slapped with a cancer diagnosis and a 50-50 chance of survival.
drama:Five friends embark on a mission to climb the highest peak in Java, overcoming obstacles on the way and discovering the true meaning of friendship.
comedy:To keep the band together, Selly tries to earn money by making an appearance at the birthday party of a mobster's daughter — until he gets kidnapped.
drama:A loyal sister struggles to stay afloat while driving her heroin-addicted brother to a detox center and looking after his 2-year-old daughter.
action:When armed gunmen seize the Iranian Embassy in 1980, a tense six-day standoff ensues while elite British soldiers prepare for a dangerous raid.
action:After faking his death, a tech billionaire recruits a team of international operatives for a bold and bloody mission to take down a brutal dictator.
drama:As a volatile young couple who have been together for six years approach college graduation, unexpected career opportunities threaten their future.
horror:Six friends decide to undertake a grueling mountain trek, only to find that the difficulties in store for them are not merely physical.
other:Recruited by a sheriff, volunteers infiltrate county prisons to expose corruption and crime from within the system in this docuseries.
comedy:A hapless guy agrees to help his stunning – but psychotic – girlfriend rob her loathsome sugar daddy in a scheme as ill-conceived as it is violent.
other:Multiple women report their husbands as missing but when it appears they are looking for the same man, a police officer traces their cryptic connection.
drama:Loyalties are tested and cruelties revealed when four business partners spend a tense evening debating who will pay for the crime they committed.
documentary:Witness the excitement and drama behind the scenes in the seven days leading up to major live events in the worlds of sports, fashion, space and food.
comedy:Given just seven days by a genie to find a girl who will fall for him, a nerdy young man embarks on a madcap and messy search for his would-be wife.
drama:Spiced liberally with black comedy, this Bollywood drama follows the lethal love life of a woman who marries numerous men – only to find them flawed.
documentary:This series examines the nature of cuteness and how adorability helps some animal species to survive and thrive in a variety of environments.
documentary:From fangs to claws to venomous stings, they all wield deadly weapons. But which creature will be crowned the fiercest of all?
documentary:Powerful cats, indestructible arachnids and flesh-melting pit vipers are just the beginning in this series about Latin America's deadliest creatures.
documentary:Get up close and personal with avalanches, fiery volcanoes and other natural cataclysms, and learn why some choose to live in their destructive paths.
anime:Shy Natsu awakens as part of a group chosen to ensure the survival of humanity. Together, they have to survive on a changed Earth.
other:Witness the wonders of human gestation through cutting-edge CGI, and learn how those nine months inside the womb can affect all aspects of one's life.
comedy:Four friends shake up their lives when they meet a new woman in their apartment complex who encourages them to embrace their wild sides.
drama:Heroic health workers fight to contain an Ebola outbreak when a patient arrives in Lagos with symptoms of the deadly virus. Based on a true story.
children:A gymnast lacks the confidence she needs to reach the top. But with the help of her new coach, she has the chance to win a spot on the national team.
documentary:This documentary captures the joy and heartbreak of families separated by the U.S.-Mexico border sharing a short but bittersweet reunion in 2018.
children:Recruited by a secret society of babysitters, a high schooler battles the Boogeyman and his monsters when they nab the boy she's watching on Halloween.
comedy:Stressed-out moms Amy, Carla and Kiki are back, and the looming Christmas holiday gets even more daunting when their mothers show up for a visit.
drama:After meeting under awkward circumstances, a glamorous businesswoman and a tradition-bound policeman begin a relationship that changes their lives.
drama:The curious child of idealistic interfaith parents observes an increasingly intolerant world as his family faces financial strain.
drama:After his wife's death, an overworked engineer struggles to care for his son with autism, who regresses into a fantasy world to escape real-life bullying.
international:A 28-year-old layabout begins to re-examine his life when his dysfunctional family assembles to pay respects to a dying grandmother who won’t pass on.
action:This wartime drama details a pivotal day in 1944 when an Allied task force tried to win World War II by seizing control of key bridges in Holland.
comedy:With his carefree lifestyle on the line, a wealthy charmer poses as a ranch hand to get a hardworking farmer to sell her family’s land before Christmas.
children:When a grieving teen must work off her debt to a ranch, she cares for a wounded horse that teaches her more about healing than she expected.
comedy:Forced to wed his childhood friend, a man obsessed with football attempts to get rid of his wife in order to keep the woman he truly loves.
action:Determined to win the heart of his childhood crush from orphanage, EJ becomes a boxer with superpowers and soon confronts a formidable villain.
drama:A cop working undercover to trail a possible diamond thief gets caught in a tricky spot when she finds new clues — and new feelings — for the suspect.
children:Christmas comes early for an aspiring young journalist when she's sent abroad to get the scoop on a dashing prince who's poised to be king.
children:"Christmas brings the ultimate gift to Aldovia: a royal baby. But first, Queen Amber must save her family and kingdom by unwrapping a monarchy mystery."
children:A year after helping Richard secure the crown, Amber returns to Aldovia to plan their wedding. But her simple tastes clash with royal protocol.
other:Parisian teen Marinette transforms herself into superhero Ladybug to find her lonely secret crush Adrien when he runs away from home at Christmas.
children:Teen Sam meets the boy of her dreams at a dance before returning to toil in her stepmother's diner. Can her lost cell phone bring them together?
children:Despite her vain stepmother and mean stepsisters, an aspiring singer works as an elf at a Christmas tree lot and finds her own holiday miracle.
other:In this dark satire from director Stanley Kubrick, a young, vicious sociopath in a dystopian England undergoes an experimental rehabilitation therapy.
drama:At the center of this engrossing melodrama is a Golden Globe-nominated turn by Debra Winger, who plays a sheltered, slow-witted woman living with her widowed Aunt Frances while working at a dry cleaners.
children:In this live-action adventure, the gang heads to Hawaii, where Timmy learns the source of all fairy magic is in dangerous hands.
drama:When gentle, law-abiding Grace confesses to killing her new husband, her skeptical young lawyer sets out to uncover the truth. A film by Tyler Perry.
documentary:"The filmmaker hunts for the missing puzzle pieces of his family history during a visit with a complex and controversial figure: his grandmother."
drama:A ruthless corporate headhunter battles his rival for a promotion while dealing with a family crisis that threatens to derail his career.
other:M'Dear and her sisters struggle to keep their singing act together before a church Christmas pageant while Grandpa teaches the kids a valuable lesson.
action:A timid man gets unexpected superpowers while trying to save his family's land and a sacred tree from a ruthless tycoon.
drama:A gifted engineer flees his austere roots to pursue wealth and success among Copenhagen's elite, but the pride propelling him threatens to be his ruin.
comedy:In a brief life full of triumph and failure, National Lampoon co-founder Doug Kenney built a comedy empire, molding pop culture in the 1970s.
drama:Following a fatal car crash, a man's spirit remains stuck in the home he shared with his wife as doors into the past and future begin to open.
comedy:When his girlfriend walks out and leaves him a wreck, a graphic designer – who seemed to have it all – sets out to discover where he went wrong.
children:When a familiar-looking stranger crashes in without a memory, Cory helps him remember the magic of Christmas to save the holiday for everyone.
children:Cory, Chrissy and Freddie are on the hunt for king-sized candy bars this Halloween! But are all the treats worth the trek to the spooky side of town?
children:Cory's spending the summer at Camp Friendship with his best friend, Freddie. But jealousy flares when Freddie brings his cousin Rosie along for the ride.
international:As her seemingly idyllic life begins to crumble, a lonely woman in a restrictive marriage starts an affair with a gentle bookstore owner.
documentary:Aardman Animations icons Wallace & Gromit, Morph and more join fans and collaborators for a retrospective celebrating the studio's 40th anniversary.
documentary:This documentary dissects the case of a filmmaker whose death, along with the deaths of his wife and daughter, sparked alt-right conspiracy theories.
comedy:This spoof on scary movies follows a young couple settling into a new home, where an evil spirit — and horrifyingly hilarious antics — await.
horror:When the ghost of her serial killer aunt seemingly resurfaces, Jordan must return to Silver Falls in hopes of finally putting an end to the torment.
drama:Long past his heyday, a still-virile boxer tries to reconnect with his daughter as he confronts the onset of a terminal, degenerative neural disorder.
children:Hilary's plan to hire a good-looking guy to act as her boyfriend backfires when she brings him home for the holidays to try and fool her family.
comedy:When a neighbor blocks their view of the city with a commercial billboard, a Hong Kong family resorts to drastic, imaginative measures to take it down.
international:Yijuan and her mentally ill sister Kaiqi struggle to be happy in the face of misfortune, criminal intrigue, marital strife, an exorcism and a ghost.
documentary:From gifted athlete to professional NBA hooper, Coney Island's Stephon Marbury navigates the pressures, pitfalls and peaks of his basketball journey.
other:Obsessed with an unsolved murder case, a crime novelist stuck in an unhappy marriage fantasizes about killing his wife, who soon turns up dead.
international:A self-serving mythical creature's bid for invincibility backfires when he finds himself at the mercy of a woman who can see otherworldly beings.
drama:A cop in Singapore investigates the disappearance of a Chinese migrant construction worker who spent sleepless nights playing a mysterious video game.
documentary:This documentary takes a deep dive into the benefits, dangers and lingering questions around Kratom leaf as an alternative to opioid painkillers.
documentary:Juan Manuel Fangio was the Formula One king, winning five world championships in the early 1950s — before protective gear or safety features were used.
other:Five kids and their resilient families navigate the treatments and traumas of pediatric cancer in this documentary filmed over the course of six years.
drama:A willful young woman is hired to design a garden at Versailles for Louis XIV. Soon, she's ensnared in political and romantic complications.
comedy:Comedy icon Carol Burnett returns to TV with a panel of clever kids, who help adults and celebrity guests solve their problems with brutal honesty.
international:A shy college student with a knack for drawing develops a crush on a musically gifted classmate and embarks on a journey of self-discovery.
international:Love is as tough as it is sweet for a lovestruck teenager, whose relationship with her next-door neighbor transforms as they grow into adulthood.
documentary:The killing of Latasha Harlins became a flashpoint for the 1992 LA uprising. This documentary evocatively explores the 15-year-old's life and dreams.
drama:Self-made millionaire Ian thinks he's found happiness when he marries caring Joanna, but his love is put to the test when he meets stewardess Karyn.
crime:Raised in America, government agent Choi Kang-Ta returns to Korea with the skills of an assassin and a thirst for revenge on his father’s killers.
comedy:When a fit of anger leads to a serious injury, a sidelined soccer star returns to his hometown and reluctantly agrees to train the local youth.
comedy:A young man struggles with his overbearing mother while looking for romance and a way to kick-start his show business career.
drama:Overwhelmed by his mother’s illness, a young boy begins to understand human complexity through the fantastic tales of a consoling tree monster.
drama:Abel Morales tries to avoid corruption's easy path as he pursues the American Dream amid an increasingly violent business war in 1981 New York City.
documentary:This documentary excoriates a noted anti-death-penalty activist and his team, whose questionable methods got a convicted killer freed in 1999.
documentary:Entrepreneurs worldwide explore alternatives to current capitalist structures, advocating for profitable businesses that also tackle social inequality.
drama:As her wedding nears, a bride-to-be is visited by an angel who reveals what could have been if she'd followed feelings for her childhood best friend.
comedy:After a run-in with Richard Grieco, dimwits Doug and Steve gain entry to a swanky nightclub in this comedy based on a Saturday Night Live sketch.
drama:In 1888 Amsterdam, a headstrong violin maker finds himself immersed in peril and tragedy after challenging businessmen who threaten his community.
drama:When a guard catches a writer-television host shoplifting, instead of turning him in, he only asks to be a friend, then begins to rule his life.
crime:This docuseries investigates the 1991 killing of politician Detlev Rohwedder, an unsolved mystery at the heart of Germany's tumultuous reunification.
drama:After confessing an unusual secret, a repressed wife – prompted by her friends – decides to explore her sexuality with a high-priced call girl.
drama:Nina thinks her husband, James, is cheating on her, and she sets out to prove it by calling him and pretending to be another woman.
documentary:When he discovers the world's oceans brimming with plastic waste, a documentary filmmaker investigates the pollution's environmental impacts.
children:At the invitation of a relative, young Jules Daly travels with her niece and nephew to a castle in Europe, where Jules falls for a dashing prince.
international:Gloria Groove and Alexia Twister make drag dreams come true as they help six artists find the confidence to own the stage in this makeover show.
comedy:The residents of an isolated town look to revive their home's identity when a group of foreigners unexpectedly arrive, bringing culture shock with them.
comedy:Inspired by the variety shows of the 1970s, A Russell Peters Christmas is a sweet, silly, sentimental and, most of all, funny Christmas special.
international:A film school graduate is interested in making a movie about his girlfriend's uncle, who claims that he can see his long-dead daughter.
drama:Following their storybook wedding, Popoy and Basha find married life – and starting a business together – more challenging than they ever imagined.
documentary:Amid shifting times, two women kept their decades-long love a secret. But coming out later in life comes with its own set of challenges.
drama:Amid an impasse in his marriage, a father in Tehran is beset by a bitter feud involving the family of a pious caretaker he hired for his aging dad.
children:The extraordinary Baudelaire orphans face trials, tribulations and the evil Count Olaf in their fateful quest to unlock long-held family secrets.
comedy:With every aspect of his life unraveling, a Jewish physics professor seeks out three rabbis for spiritual guidance.
children:Shaun and the flock race to help an adorable alien find her way home after her ship crash-lands near Mossy Bottom Farm and sparks a UFO frenzy.
anime:A former class bully reaches out to the deaf girl he'd tormented in grade school. He feels unworthy of redemption but tries to make things right.
drama:This stream-of-consciousness drama centers on a day in the life of a gay college professor who's reeling from his longtime lover's recent death.
drama:An Argentine doctor faces legal and ethical challenges when she travels to the countryside to pick up the infant she has been waiting to adopt.
drama:Ace news producer Amy is called back to her Louisiana hometown where memories of what used to be – and what might have been – come flooding back.
drama:After reckless teens kill an Amish child, a prosecutor attempts to bring the youths to justice despite the condemnation he faces from the community.
children:Bo thinks her holiday gift-giving isn't good enough, so she heads north to study under Santa Claus – only to find he's missing.
drama:A family reckons with the aftermath of their younger son's incarceration and a greater misfortune that follows.
international:A Taipei doctor and a San Francisco engineer swap homes in a daring pact, embarking on journeys filled with trials, secrets and unexpected encounters.
drama:Based on the memoirs of author Amos Oz, this poetic drama shares his family's tale of suffering and survival in the early years of independent Israel.
documentary:Mexico City restaurant star Gabriela Cámara opens sister eatery Cala in San Francisco, with a similar menu and unusually welcoming kitchen culture.
comedy:When a philandering club promoter sets out to woo a rich, glamorous woman, he has no clue just how much mayhem he's about to unleash on his life.
international:To carry out her dad's wish and discover her roots, Dai Tian-qing embarks on a journey around Taiwan and finds love and redemption on the way.
comedy:When he learns his karma will permit him to speak just a thousand more words before he dies, fast-talking agent Jack must make every syllable count.
international:Amid the turmoil of China's civil war, families of Kuomintang pilots face the pain of leaving their homes but find strength in their shared bonds.
children:When Santa crash-lands in the junkyard on Christmas Eve, Hank, Trash Truck and their animal friends all have a hand in rescuing the holiday for everyone.
comedy:A newly engaged couple's romantic vacation in Jamaica turns into a mischievous adventure that tests their union in wild and unexpected ways.
children:Facing a drought, a hungry tiger and a noble cow have an extraordinary encounter in this fable based on a children’s book and a Kannada folk song.
drama:Future Uruguayan president José Mujica and his fellow Tupamaro political prisoners fight to survive 12 years of solitary confinement and torture.
other:When an unfulfilled country music star hides out in his hometown, he meets a budding interior designer who finds her way into his heart.
comedy:Bill Murray rounds up an all-star cast for an evening of music, mischief and barroom camaraderie in this irreverent twist on holiday variety shows.
international:At the height of the Cold War in 1960, André Merlaux joins the French Secret Service and contends with enemies both foreign and bureaucratic.
international:After landing a job working for her longtime crush, an optimistic woman realizes that the man of her dreams isn't exactly who she envisioned.
drama:When bad boy Landon is cast opposite campus bookworm Jamie in a high school play, romance blooms — until tragedy threatens to tear them apart.
action:After receiving an anonymous tip about a bomb, a police commissioner must negotiate with the terrorist, who demands the release of four militants.
documentary:Los Angeles police officers embark on an innovative program mentoring promising students from the harsh, gang-infested Watts neighborhood.
anime:A peculiar girl transforms into a cat to catch her crush's attention. But before she realizes it, the line between human and animal starts to blur.
children:Beatrix can't wait to be inducted as a witch, but an unfortunate incident threatens to take her pending title away if she doesn't act fast.
children:Years after their father disappears, Meg and her younger brother Charles Wallace cross galaxies on a quest to save him from the heart of darkness.
documentary:Two astronauts attempt to brave a life in Earth's orbit on a record-setting mission to see if humans have the endurance to survive a flight to Mars.
drama:In Singapore, a homeless ex-convict hoping to reunite with his family forms a bond with a Chinese sex worker while serving as her bodyguard.
other:Set during the Russian Revolution, this comic miniseries is based on a doctor's memories of his early career working in an out-of-the-way village.
drama:In the wake of Jesus Christ's crucifixion, his apostles dedicate themselves to spreading his message, risking their freedom and their lives.
anime:Everything Aiko knew was a lie. Now she's joining a team of Divers to reach the place where the Burst began to stop it for good and save her family.
horror:After losing her mother, a teenage girl bonds with her phone’s artificial intelligence app, a relationship that soon takes a dark and violent turn.
action:Young motocross racer Miles Hill helps a top-secret robotic combat dog evade its ruthless creator and the military, who are in hot pursuit.
drama:A series of coincidences brings two star-crossed lovers together, but fate pulls them apart until they encounter each other again in Istanbul.
comedy:When Shaji Pappan and his gang of goofy outlaws find themselves low on funds, they plan to once again win a hefty prize in a tug-of-war competition.
comedy:A cop full of self-doubt loses his gun five days before he's due to leave the force, and becomes an unexpected hero as he tries to retrieve it.
comedy:A conscientious politician helps an elderly singer overcome the obstacles placed in his path a by a powerful bureaucracy.
action:An intrepid police inspector forced into a desk job must take matters into his own hands when ruthless criminals are released on a technicality.
drama:When an aging father seeks the help of a doctor and a journalist to look for the son who left him 16 years ago, he learns some surprising truths.
international:In this high-tension thriller, an anonymous caller on a cell phone threatens to harm a man's family if he doesn't carry out every order.
drama:When a man falls from his balcony, an investigator questions the victim’s family, determined to uncover a darker truth behind the alleged accident.
drama:The decision by India's supreme court to establish caste-based reservations for jobs in education causes conflict between a teacher and his mentor.
drama:When he learns he has terminal cancer, a cynical gambler and chronic smoker ditches his fiancée, snubs doctors and checks into a nursing home to die.
drama:Raised by a kindly thief, orphaned Jimmy goes on the run from goons and falls in love with Jyoti, whose father indirectly caused his parents' deaths.
comedy:A municipal clerk with literary ambitions stalks a loan recovery officer on whom he has decided to base his story's central character.
horror:After losing their first child in an accident, a couple moves to a palatial home, where their young daughter comes under the spell of an eerie spirit.
children:A big-hearted girl helps her Fuzzly friends who live in her family's hotel with exploring feelings, fixing mishaps and embracing their special quirks.
comedy:After losing his seventh job in a row, a TV producer and sci-fi buff travels back in time to 1980, where his employment prospects improve.
drama:After being accused of cheating on a reality TV show, a dance troupe seeks to redeem itself by winning the World Hip-Hop Dance Championship.
drama:Thrown out of the elite dance studio he founded, Vishnu's spirits rebound when he sees young street dancers prepping for an annual contest.
action:Following the mysterious death of his parents, a young man finds himself enmeshed in the dark world of drugs and crime.
documentary:In this true crime documentary, a family falls prey to the manipulative charms of a neighbor, who abducts their adolescent daughter. Twice.
drama:Inspired by real events, this drama follows a trucker jailed after driving five ill-fated travelers across Quetta, and the officer taking on his case.
comedy:Due to family pressure, a corporate man reluctantly marries a woman from the village, but in their new home, she abruptly assumes a different persona.
international:Led by a trio of Korean celebs, a multinational panel of men engage in – usually – lighthearted debates on issues that surround Korea and beyond.
children:Two small abominable snowmen flee their mountain to escape a scientist who's trying to capture them and end up spending Christmas with a human family.
comedy:Hip, irresponsible Londoner Will invents an imaginary son and starts attending single-parent meetings to find available women.
comedy:When Tim learns that the men in his family can travel in time and change their own lives, he decides to go back and win the woman of his dreams.
documentary:Step inside the minds of the most innovative designers in a variety of disciplines and learn how design impacts every aspect of life.
documentary:A cast of quirky critters and Mother Nature herself narrate this funny science series, which peeks into the lives of Earth’s most incredible animals.
crime:After meeting an untimely demise in separate incidents, Cha Min and Go Se-yeon discover they’ve come back to life in new bodies they don’t recognize.
drama:A disenfranchised 16-year-old girl connects to an older man on the internet and after a brief one-sided affair descends into obsession and anorexia.
comedy:Three lifelong friends travel to Acapulco ostensibly so one of them can find his lost love, but the real reason behind the trip holds some surprises.
international:A contract killer skilled at staging lethal accidents fears he may be a victim of his own strategy when an accomplice dies in a mysterious mishap.
international:Rejecting the demands of her wealthy family, a young woman poses as an ordinary college student and crosses paths with a stoic pop star at school.
drama:A young boy, upset by his parents' divorce, becomes infatuated with his grandmother's neighbor, an entrancing dancer he watches through a window.
drama:A black high school student sets his sights for the National Hockey League, but rising racial tensions in his community may jeopardize his goals.
drama:An American girl and a British lad fall in love amid the social and political upheaval of the 1960s, in this musical featuring songs by the Beatles.
action:An elite squad of Navy SEALs is tasked with rescuing a kidnapped CIA agent from a lethal terrorist cell.
action:Two Turkish agents are sent to New York City on a mission to capture a notorious terrorist known only as Dejjal (Arabic for Antichrist).
children:Sick of his parents’ constant squabbling, a young man travels back in time to the onset of their romance, with plans to set them up for marital bliss.
action:Devastated by the murder of his wife and child, a formerly fast-talking lawyer takes a vow of silence and trains himself for a mission of revenge.
action:When his future sister-in-law is kidnapped by human traffickers, a military veteran joins forces with his brothers and a world-weary cop to rescue her.
crime:In a future where regeneration technology lets humans live indefinitely, a cop and a troubled young woman investigate a strange wave of youth suicides.
drama:Near a Spanish town in northern Africa, a child takes a painful journey, a father reconnects with his daughter and a coast guard is guilt stricken.
comedy:Frenetic comic Adam Devine talks teen awkwardness, celebrity encounters, his Pitch Perfect audition and more in a special from his hometown of Omaha.
comedy:Education can be fun – and funny. Comedian Adam Conover bursts misconceptions, deconstructs topics and leaves with positive takeaways.
comedy:From Heroes to Ice Cream Ladies – Adam Sandler's comedy special hits you with new songs and jokes in an unexpected, groundbreaking way.
drama:After their child was abducted and murdered, John and Reve Walsh fought to raise national awareness of the problem of missing children.
action:Chasing extreme challenges, athletic daredevils test their limits in various environments from giant waves to snowy slopes around the world.
comedy:From Casino du Liban, Lebanese actor and comedian Adel Karam delivers earthy punchlines on kissing norms, colonoscopies and a porn star named Rocco.
comedy:A fast-footed piglet named Bunty becomes an object of desire for rival criminals that want the swift swine for their profitable animal-racing schemes.
comedy:Trailblazing comic Aditi Mittal mixes topical stand-up with frank talk about being single, wearing thongs and the awkwardness of Indian movie ratings.
drama:When lifelong friends Roz and Lil fall in love with each other's teenage sons, they must carry out their affairs in relative secrecy.
action:A young couple’s sailing adventure becomes a fight to survive when their yacht faces a catastrophic hurricane in this story based on true events.
horror:A family’s harmonious existence is interrupted when the young son begins showing symptoms of anxiety that seem linked to disturbing events at home.
drama:In order to keep her job at a biomedical engineering firm that prizes youth, a middle-aged woman must submit to a drastic experimental procedure.
comedy:After years of home-schooling, an awkward teen decides he wants a public high school experience, but his overbearing mother struggles to let go.
international:Dubai residents struggle to figure out why a fleet of alien spaceships are hovering over their city when all contact with the outside world is cut off.
documentary:Baffling symptoms. Controversial diagnoses. Costly treatments. Seven people with chronic illnesses search for answers – and relief.
comedy:Brazilian comedian Afonso Padilha dives into his humble beginnings and digs out hilarious stories about his childhood in this very personal set.
other:This five-part nature series chronicles fascinating stories of survival on the African continent, home to the most diverse animal life on the planet.
documentary:This docuseries spotlights Afro-Brazilian thinkers sharing their individual journeys and discussing representation, entrepreneurship and community.
drama:Wholesome college freshman Tessa Young thinks she knows what she wants out of life, until she crosses paths with complicated bad boy Hardin Scott.
other:Struggling to come to terms with his wife's death, a writer for a newspaper adopts a gruff new persona in an effort to push away those trying to help.
documentary:Displaced by Hurricane Maria, three Puerto Rican women navigate their families' uncertain futures as their federal housing aid in New York expires.
documentary:This documentary explores the careers of some of porn's top stars and examines their adjustment to normal society after leaving adult entertainment.
documentary:This third installment in a documentary series examines the lives of the adult film genre's biggest stars after their industry careers have ended.
documentary:A large immigration raid in a small town leaves emotional fallout and hard questions for its churchgoers about what it means to love thy neighbor.
drama:Tessa fell hard and fast for Hardin, but after a betrayal tears them apart, she must decide whether to move on — or trust him with a second chance.
drama:After an air traffic controller's mistake results in a tragic accident, a man who lost his wife and daughter seeks answers from the man responsible.
drama:When a prep school loner films two classmates overdosing on cocaine, his footage plays a role in the emotional fallout within the school community.
action:An American tourist and his friends are partying in Chile, but a major earthquake devastates the area and forces them to scramble for survival.
crime:A detective and a psychologist investigating a string of murders form a crime-solving team with the novelist whose work inspired the killings.
drama:In a dramatized depiction of her 11-day disappearance, novelist Agatha Christie solving a real murder amid a crisis in her writing and marriage.
other:Despite the social backlash and challenges that come with intergenerational romance, these couples choose to stick together through thick and thin.
international:Amid the thriving nightlife of 1960s Kuala Lumpur, three Chinese friends – a showgirl, her housekeeper and a chanteuse – find love and heartbreak.
crime:At their high school, a group of unruly teens wreak havoc, face bullies and navigate turbulent lives beyond school grounds.
documentary:The history of military tanks unfolds in a documentary series that traces their role in history and geopolitics from World War I to the 21st century.
international:A former footballer tries to make it as a player agent in the world of African soccer, but a secret from his past threatens to destroy everything.
crime:A mix of brilliance, erudition and skill enables a modern Sherlock Holmes to solve impossible cases, all while he tries to heal personal wounds.
anime:Frustrated with her thankless office job, Retsuko the Red Panda copes with her daily struggles by belting out death metal karaoke after work.
other:While Retsuko desperately makes plans for Christmas Eve, her new obsession with seeking validation through social media spirals out of control.
drama:A boy grows up to become a gangster in pursuit of the mobster who killed his innocent father, but revenge and reparation may come at great costs.
comedy:Argentine comedian Agustín Radagast Aristarán adds doses of magic, music and acting to his high-energy stand-up routine.
horror:A film crew shooting in a remote forested location begins losing members one by one to a mysterious entity that they cannot see or hear.
drama:Stood up by her groom at the altar, a young woman finds help and healing from another man – until her ex-fiancé returns, hoping to win her back.
documentary:Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei uses social media and art to inspire protests and suffers government persecution for his actions.
international:To find love, seven strangers leave Japan and embark on a journey through the continent of Africa together. Challenges, adventure and romance await!
international:Seven men and women board a pink bus in search of true love. On a journey through Asia with strangers, their goal is to return to Japan as a couple.
other:Celebrity chef Ainsley Harriott embarks on a journey around the world to explore the relationship between local street foods and cultural identity.
drama:A sensitive Ainu teen searches for a spiritual connection with his recently deceased dad while navigating his indigenous identity in a changing world.
comedy:When Ana, an influencer, crashes her car while talking on the phone, she’s shipped to her grumpy grandfather's farm – and forced into a digital detox.
drama:During a vacation with her parents, away from her concrete urban existence, a young girl learns to appreciate the joys of connecting with nature.
international:A happily married business executive is forced to deal with an episode from his past that he had long thought was put behind him.
action:When his protégé goes rogue and poses a grave threat to the government he serves, a veteran officer of the Indian Army tries to stop him at all costs.
comedy:An outspoken, imaginative girl from a conservative family pursues her dream man while fending off the prospect of an arranged marriage.
comedy:"While traveling across the country in a run-down RV, drag queen Ruby Red discovers an unlikely sidekick in AJ: a tough-talking 10-year-old stowaway."
comedy:A young man's obsession with making others happy drives him to help the girl he loves marry someone else, then try to win her heart.
international:Upon returning home from his studies abroad, young grad Akif finds himself involved with four women in this continuation of the series Spain Uoolss.
anime:A teenager discovers that he is an Ajin and flees before the authorities experiment on him. Other Ajin plan to fight back and he must choose a side.
drama:When her small granddaughter is sexually assaulted by a powerful man and no justice is served, a poor, frail old woman plots her violent revenge.
comedy:After a public spat with a movie star, a disgraced director retaliates by kidnapping the actor’s daughter, filming the search for her in real time.
anime:Tatsumi sets out on a journey to help his poor village. When he's rescued by a band of assassins, he joins their fight against the corrupt government.
children:From battles of wit to fights for justice, Emperor Akbar and his trusty advisor Birbal display their unique bond through adventures in Mughal-era India.
international:A little girl must enter an orphanage after her parents are arrested, but her life takes a dramatic turn when she escapes and meets a model.
international:Looking for a fresh start, a park ranger gets a new assignment. When he discovers a network of poachers, survival depends on his lethal instincts.
crime:In a village by the Lebanon-Syria border, the head of an arms-smuggling clan contends with family conflicts, power struggles and complicated love.
action:After growing up enduring criticism from his father, a young man finds his world shaken upon learning he was switched at birth with a millionaire’s son.
comedy:To cope with her feelings of inferiority, a woman from an impoverished family tells tall tales of her wealth and influence to upgrade her social status.
comedy:Mexican comic Alan Saldaña has fun with everything from the pressure of sitting in an exit row to maxing out his credit card in this stand-up special.
comedy:While vacationing at a resort, an ornery and outspoken man is held captive by a criminal organization.
drama:Tormented by bullies, an aspiring drag star working at an Alaskan cannery becomes a skilled fighter and is tapped for competition by a boxing coach.
drama:As the police investigate his disappearance, a young man heads to Goa to carry out an act of vengeance fueled by years of pent-up anger toward society.
children:After a magical horse transports her to a fantasy world ruled by an evil general, a brave girl sets out to save the land once and for all.
comedy:Colombian comedian Alejandro Riaño discusses the perks of dating a she-wolf, styles of dancing, the quirks of Bogotá men and soccer game announcers.
documentary:A retrospective look at the life and career of Grammy-award winning Spanish musician Alejandro Sanz.
comedy:Mourning their father's death, a dysfunctional trio of siblings must face selling their beloved childhood beach house — and dealing with each other.
comedy:Comic Alex Fernández performs his familiar autobiographical stories but goes a little deeper this time with a tender tale about one of his six siblings.
comedy:High school senior Alex Truelove's plan to lose his virginity to lovable girlfriend Claire goes awry when he meets the equally lovable Elliot.
children:Alexa is battling cancer. But with her best friend, Katie, by her side, she's also starting high school – and ready for whatever comes next.
other:Living in Alexandria during World War II, an Egyptian teen enamored with American films dreams of making it in Hollywood.
other:At the peak of his career, Yehia joins a hunger strike, becomes smitten and reckons with a creative crisis — but finds a new muse.
documentary:After being shot during a robbery in Colombia and losing sensation in his legs, Uruguayan soccer star Alexis Viera finds a new sense of purpose.
drama:Drugs and addiction endanger the love — and lives — of two childhood sweethearts struggling to survive the perils of a precarious world.
action:A garden gnome vendor and his brother-in-law attend a trade fair in Sofia, where they accidentally stumble into shenanigans involving a mafia boss.
comedy:Ali Wong's stand up special delves into her sexual adventures, hoarding, the rocky road to pregnancy, and why feminism is terrible.
comedy:Two years after the hit Baby Cobra, Ali Wong is back with another baby bump – and a torrent of hilarious truths about marriage and motherhood.
comedy:After telling a white lie that spins out of control, the son of an Iraqi-born cleric in Melbourne becomes torn between family duty and his own heart.
crime:In 19th-century Canada, a psychiatrist weighs whether a murderess should be pardoned due to insanity. Based on Margaret Atwood's award-winning novel.
documentary:Witnesses and public figures respond to controversial claims about Pablo Escobar made by the Medellín Cartel's sole survivor, John Jairo Velásquez.
action:A simple village man is thrown into a web of political intrigue after he takes on a powerful and ruthless gang of bandits.
other:A widowed singer and single mother starts over as a diner waitress in Arizona, befriending her coworkers and romancing a ruggedly handsome rancher.
international:An aimless gamer and his two friends find themselves in a parallel Tokyo, where they're forced to compete in a series of sadistic games to survive.
comedy:In a small town, a trans teen with a vibrant personality shakes up her high school's conservative ways while trying to secure her first kiss.
documentary:This fact-based account delves into humankind's efforts to gather signals from possible intelligent beings beyond the solar system.
children:Alien reporters Ixbee, Pixbee and Squee travel to a lovely but odd planet called Earth, where they attempt to make sense of humans and their hobbies.
action:The U.S. Navy Seal team tackles a top-secret mission at a research center where scientists have mysteriously disappeared and another life form awaits.
other:Applying the laws of life on Earth to the rest of the galaxy, this series blends science fact and fiction to imagine alien life on other planets.
children:A young elf mistakes a tiny alien for a Christmas gift, not knowing her new plaything has plans to destroy Earth's gravity — and steal all the presents.
children:Tiny alien lawmen fly into Rod's bedroom and recruit him into helping them stop an intergalactic criminal – who's disguised as a very familiar human.
documentary:Take an inside look at swing dancing's continued prosperity and the lively and joyous personalities that make the art form so unique.
drama:An inseparable couple struggles to stay together when betrayal threatens to tear their lives apart.
comedy:Fearless provocation has fueled stand-up comic Nina Geld's career, but a move to LA and a new love take her to new levels of honesty.
comedy:Hip-hop icon MC Joe Speed retires from showbiz and finds a new rhythm balancing business, romance and everyday family chaos.
drama:Culture clashes and brewing rivalries test a teen football player from South Los Angeles when he’s recruited to the Beverly Hills High School team.
action:After falling for a guest, an unsuspecting hotel staff becomes embroiled in a hostage scheme and discovers true love in an unlikely place.
drama:While serving life in prison, a young man looks back at the people, the circumstances and the system that set him on the path toward his crime.
children:When a canine con artist becomes an angel, he sneaks back to Earth and crosses paths with an orphan girl who can speak to animals.
international:A penniless country boy goes in search of his runaway sister in Bogotá, where he falls for an aspiring singer, but gets tangled up in organized crime.
international:When a mysterious figure blackmails an adulterous couple during a romantic getaway, their secret affair turns into a fight for survival.
children:In this Emmy winner for Outstanding Children's Animated Program, Madagascar booty-shaker King Julien takes on the jungle’s craziest adventures.
children:Julien's been dethroned, but loyal friends and some very unlikely allies will propel the lovable lemur on a colorful journey to take back his kingdom.
children:Instead of summoning the spirit of her dearly departed mother, a charming teen accidentally awakens a vengeful witch who wants to destroy her town.
documentary:After starting a family of his very own in America, a gay filmmaker documents his loving, traditional Chinese family's process of acceptance.
horror:A horror novelist with a traumatic past returns to her childhood hometown, where she revisits her night terrors and loses sight of reality.
comedy:Two strangers meet on a dating app and experience instant chemistry, but their relationship unravels as jarring differences catch up to them.
horror:During a weekend excursion to a secluded ranch, an unwelcome visitor begins picking off the randy admirers of teenage temptress Mandy Lane.
drama:Two teens facing personal struggles form a powerful bond as they embark on a cathartic journey chronicling the wonders of Indiana.
action:A battle-scarred Special Ops military vet joins a CIA-funded assignment to take down a Russian terrorist and his trigger-happy comrades.
comedy:Thirteen-year-old José Miguel is immune to 1994 World Cup fever until he realizes soccer is the only way to win the heart of his crush.
comedy:A Brazilian man tries a myriad of ways to get over his breakup with his girlfriend but is surprised to learn it's more difficult than he anticipated.
drama:"An optimistic, talented teen clings to a huge secret: She's homeless and living on a bus. When tragedy strikes, can she learn to accept a helping hand?"
comedy:Bound by a family rule that forbids him from marrying until his stubborn sister gets hitched, a bachelor enlists the help of a love guru to woo her.
drama:A woman sexually assaulted by her new boss's brother-in-law tries to move on as if nothing happened, but the night weighs heavily on her mind and body.
drama:Over a series of birthdays, a happy-go-lucky, commitment-averse fashion designer strives to bring a bit of calm to her chaotic love life.
international:Sebastián is a radio show host of modest fame, trying to find a way in the world as he deals with his ex-wife (whom he still loves) and two kids.
comedy:A close crew of striving New Yorkers experiences both joy and heartache in their romantic and professional lives.
other:Equipped with limited resources, an isolated group of individuals is subjected to the harsh conditions of the wilderness and must survive — or tap out.
drama:After learning of their son's death on the battlefield, a grieving Berlin couple embark on a quietly dangerous act of resistance against Adolf Hitler.
drama:Eight years after their breakup, college sweethearts Christine and Raf reconnect at different points in their lives as feelings from the past resurface.
other:When a girl is kidnapped from a prestigious prep school, a homicide detective takes the case, teaming up with young security agent.
children:In this animated outdoor adventure, wolf couple Humphrey and Kate face a crisis when one of their three cubs disappears without explanation.
children:When a wolf pup named Runt sneaks off to explore a mysterious cave, he meets and befriends a wolf driven from her pack because she's blind.
children:The letters of the alphabet come to life in Alphaland as they read, write and spell their way into an exciting world of phonic fun.
documentary:Seemingly simple but deceptively complex, the game of Go serves as the backdrop for this battle between artificial intelligence and man.
documentary:This documentary follows a white power leader and an Antifa activist leading up to the Charlottesville riots in the first year of Trump's presidency.
crime:"After 250 years on ice, a prisoner returns to life in a new body with one chance to win his freedom: by solving a mind-bending murder."
action:On the planet Latimer, Takeshi Kovacs must protect a tattooist while investigating the death of a yakuza boss alongside a no-nonsense CTAC.
comedy:Never married but always at weddings, a copy editor finally dives into the dating pool but wonders if her love story involves staying single forever.
international:A young 17th-century witch time travels to the future to save the man she loves, but first must adjust to present-day Cartagena and defeat a dark rival.
international:After being unexpectedly dumped by their respective lovers, a man and a woman have a chance meeting at a resort and embark on a unique relationship.
documentary:She was twice convicted and acquitted of murder. Amanda Knox and the people closest to her case speak out in this illuminating documentary.
documentary:This documentary recounts the fascinating and little-known role that music has played in the struggle to eradicate apartheid in South Africa.
drama:Young Laura and Carlos experience the intensity and fragility of first love, as life realities gradually tarnish their idealized notions of romance.
comedy:The brotherly bond between three childhood friends – one Sikh, one Muslim and one Catholic – is tested by the often comic absurdities of adulthood.
action:Abandoned in a park by their father, Amar, Akbar and Anthony grow up independently and have no knowledge of one another. They're reunited as adults when, by coincidence, they all give blood at the same hospital.
drama:To fulfill her husband’s dream to build a home, a widow sends her five children to earn money in Cairo, where their poverty tests them at every turn.
drama:After he's recruited to an elite prep school, a 14-year-old basketball phenom is confronted by corruption and greed in amateur sports.
other:Meet eccentric homeowners whose seemingly ordinary spaces are full of surprises, from a backyard roller coaster to an indoor aquarium.
documentary:Eight decades after her disappearance, Amelia Earhart's incredible accomplishments are still celebrated, thanks in large part to her sister Muriel.
documentary:This engaging documentary series shares the surprising backstories of familiar institutions like the Pentagon, West Point and the Playboy Mansion.
other:Supermodel Tyra Banks created and executive-produced this reality series that chronicles the transformation of young women into potential supermodels.
documentary:This documentary profiles William Powell, who wrote the The Anarchist Cookbook in the early 1970s and spent his later life regretting his actions.
action:After grad student Mitch Rapp suffers a tragic loss during a terrorist attack, his single-minded thirst for vengeance catches the interest of the CIA.
drama:While struggling to endure his tightly wound wife, an unfulfilling job and a surly teen, a man becomes obsessed with one of his daughter's friends.
documentary:With interviews from experts on both sides of the debate, this film questions the routine practice of non-religious infant circumcision in the U.S.
crime:This anthology series unfolds a different story arc for each season, with dramas focusing on aspects of American life and the criminal justice system.
crime:This anthology series dramatizes historic criminal cases in the U.S., including the O.J. Simpson trial and Andrew Cunanan's 1997 murder spree.
documentary:A botched attempt to arrest a white supremacist in Idaho results in a gun battle, a standoff and three deaths that galvanize public opinion in 1992.
documentary:An exploration of the American circus, as the spectacle evolved from a one-ring show to a cultural event and eventually, a dying breed.
documentary:In 1931, a young Navy wife tore apart Hawaii on racial lines after claiming she was raped by a gang of nonwhite islanders.
documentary:In this documentary, hopes soar when a Chinese company reopens a shuttered factory in Ohio. But a culture clash threatens to shatter an American dream.
documentary:Barack and Michelle Obama talk with directors Steven Bognar and Julia Reichert about the documentary and the importance of storytelling.
other:A judge’s kidnapping is streamed live on social media, as a vengeful loner puts him on trial for supposedly sending an innocent man to his death.
action:An ex-con is just getting his life back on track when his older brother is released from prison and drags him into the underworld for one final heist.
drama:A neo-Nazi gets sent to prison for murder and comes out a changed man. But can he prevent his younger brother from following in his footsteps?
drama:A teenage girl leaves her dull life in Oklahoma to join a raucous band of travelling magazine sellers on an alcohol-, drug- and sex-filled road trip.
horror:This twisted Emmy-winning drama plays upon the power of supernatural fears and everyday horrors, exploring humankind's unsettling capacity for evil.
documentary:Baseball legend Ted Williams fights to become the greatest hitter of all time as he battles family, teammates, the press and even the fans.
documentary:Using raw, firsthand footage, this documentary examines the disappearance of Shanann Watts and her children, and the terrible events that followed.
drama:An elite soldier, a corporate lawyer and a political activist uncover a deadly conspiracy linking terrorists to a powerful American corporation.
comedy:Four tight-knit high school seniors vow to turn their love lives around by homecoming when the arrival of a new student muddles their plans.
comedy:With chiseled good looks that belie his insanity, a businessman takes pathological pride in yuppie pursuits and indulges in sudden homicidal urges.
drama:Time passes and tension mounts in a Florida police station as an estranged interracial couple awaits news of their missing teenage son.
crime:A high school is rocked by an act of vandalism, but the top suspect pleads innocence and finds an ally in a filmmaker. A satirical true crime mystery.
drama:A Navy SEAL haunted by wartime memories tries to rebuild his life at home, even as one last mission threatens to unravel everything.
comedy:From the death of romance in marriage to the injustices of modern-day parenting, Amit Tandon shares wisdom and wisecracks as a battle-scarred family guy.
international:Despite the Philippine government's crackdown on narcotics, high schooler Joseph expands his drug running while his cop uncle profits from corruption.
comedy:Amid a marital crisis, Fikret befriends songstress Solmaz after a wacky encounter and must fill in as the father of her soon-to-wed daughter.
drama:In the age of Buddha and his philosophy of nonviolence, a warmonger king plots the destruction of an enemy kingdom to rescue the woman he loves.
documentary:Rare home videos and interviews with Amy Winehouse's inner circle offer an intimate look at her journey from charismatic teen to troubled star.
comedy:Amy Schumer spills on her new marriage, personal growth, making a baby and her mom's misguided advice in a special that's both raunchy and sincere.
comedy:Comic sensation Amy Schumer riffs on sex, dating and the absurdities of fame in a bold and uncensored stand-up set at Denver's Bellco Theater.
documentary:Extensive film clips and interviews tell the story of American filmmaker Ellis R. Dungan, who spent 15 years in India and helped define Tamil cinema.
children:Fievel, a young Russian mouse, immigrates to America and must make his own way in the strange and sometimes perilous new world.
children:Fievel and his family head west for what turns out to be a wild adventure. Deep in cowboy country, the intrepid mouse faces down a nasty feline.
children:When a monster goes on a mouse-napping spree in New York, Fievel and his friends help a reporter get to the bottom of the mystery.
children:When Fievel and friends go hunting for buried treasure beneath the ruins of an old subway tunnel, they stumble onto something surprising.
comedy:A teen girl is drawn to her cousin’s hedonistic lifestyle when they spend the summer together in Cannes as she learns about herself and her own values.
other:While undergoing heart surgery in London, Yehia reflects on his life as his heart chamber becomes a courtroom where he's tried for his mistakes.
comedy:When an unhappily married woman discovers a man from her past has a role in a local theater production, she'll do anything to reconnect with him.
drama:Based on the 2002 El Ayyat train accident, this drama begins 90 minutes before the explosion, following the lives of riders in the third-class cars.
drama:Haunted by a nightmare involving her abusive ex-boyfriend, an actress begins to question her reality and whether the incident took place.
international:Raised by three mothers, a self-assured teen in turmoil meets the father figure she never had. But she also stands to drive the man and his son apart.
drama:After an assignment in a war zone, a journalist trying to put his life back together is granted an interview with someone claiming to be God.
drama:A war criminal in hiding begins to suspect that the maid, his only confidant and contact with the outside world, may be hiding something herself.
comedy:An accountant and aspiring magician invites his boss to spend Christmas with his family — unaware that he's one of Colombia's most-wanted criminals.
comedy:Eager to settle down, Abdullah searches for the right woman to marry – but the one he truly longs for may not feel the same way.
comedy:After meeting by chance, two young musicians with differing views on love and life record an album that drastically alters their lives.
international:As a woman scours Hyderabad for her missing husband, she becomes entangled in a conspiracy that suggests there’s more to the mystery than meets the eye.
drama:After being sexually harassed by a drunken politician while performing at a public event, a village dancer plots revenge to clear her name.
comedy:Kat and Eva’s happy romance hits a rough patch when Eva decides that she wants a child. Visiting friend Roger could help complete their family.
drama:A Nigerian couple living in the U.S. face agonizing fallout when they defy deportation orders with the hopes of giving their unborn child citizenship.
documentary:Were ancient humans really behind some of the most important technological advances in civilized history, or did they have extraterrestrial help?
drama:An Icelandic single mom struggling with poverty and a Guinea-Bissauan asylum seeker facing deportation find their lives intertwined in unexpected ways.
comedy:Aiming for fame, a struggling singer finds his long-lost millionaire twin and falls for his brother's secretary as a plot brews to steal the fortune.
action:Broke and with no concrete plans for the future, two young men discover that a stunning heiress lives nearby and try to charm her into marriage.
comedy:A visually impaired pianist’s world careens into a series of shocking twists after he unintentionally lands at the murder scene of a former film star.
horror:As a blind librarian, dispirited cricketer and desolate psychiatrist each seek retribution and release, their lives overlap under eerie influences.
horror:As a blind librarian, dispirited cricketer and desolate psychiatrist each seek retribution and release, their lives overlap under eerie influences.
documentary:As he prepares to close his restaurant, Michelin-starred Chef André Chiang embarks on a personal and emotional journey of reflection.
documentary:Inscrutable, incomparable or both? Famed French footballer Nicolas Anelka’s controversial legacy is explored in this in-depth documentary.
drama:After a popular professor is attacked on a New York street, the story of how a series of intertwined events led to the life-altering assault unfolds.
action:After growing up amidst the gang wars of his hometown, Vincent forms an entrepreneurial squad of his own and ends up on the wrong side of the law.
international:In a world known as the Copper Dimension, a group of high-school girls fights against dark forces – and their own inner demons.
anime:In a high school that's a way station to the afterlife, a teenager gets caught up in the battle for the rights of those in this purgatorial world.
drama:When a violent assault leaves her vulnerable, a streetwise Chicago cop receives help from a haunted loner who's struggling with traumas of his own.
action:Secret Service agent Mike Banning is caught in the crossfire when he’s framed for a deadly attack on the president and forced to run for his life.
children:A trip to church with her family on Christmas Eve gives young Angela an extraordinary idea. A heartwarming tale based on a story by Frank McCourt.
children:With her father working far away in Australia, a determined Angela makes a plan — and a heartfelt wish — to reunite her family in time for the holidays.
other:A Harvard symbologist races to uncover clues that will help stop an attack on the Vatican by a secret society looking to retaliate for old persecutions.
comedy:After a gentle businessman is forced to get anger management counseling, his therapist moves in – but turns out to have anger issues of his own.
children:Birds Red, Chuck and their feathered friends have lots of adventures while guarding eggs in their nest that pesky pigs keep trying to steal.
drama:A photographer invites a close-knit group of female pals to her Goa home to announce her engagement, which stirs up a riot of emotion in all of them.
action:After growing up enduring criticism from his father, a young man finds his world shaken upon learning he was switched at birth with a millionaire’s son.
drama:From his singular career to his personal demons, this biopic chronicles the short yet prolific life of the Marathi dentist-turned-superstar.
drama:In a short musical film directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, Thom Yorke of Radiohead stars in a mind-bending visual piece. Best played loud.
children:Enchanted animal crackers turn Owen into whatever shape he eats! But to save the family circus, he'll have to keep them out of his evil uncle's hands.
action:An unlucky, debt-ridden teen resorts to his math skills when he's forced into a deadly tournament of rock-paper-scissors run by a diabolical host.
horror:A teen's eerie visions become increasingly frequent and terrifying after her longtime friend gets a girlfriend and his abusive dad is strangely killed.
documentary:In this intimate documentary, Brazilian pop queen Anitta opens up about fame, family and her fierce work ethic, revealing the woman behind the hits.
action:Mild-mannered Krishna comes to Mumbai to search for his gang-leader brother, and quickly finds himself in way over his head.
international:Spine-chilling stories of malevolent spirits unfold in villages, jungles and haunted buildings across India.
international:The cases are supernatural; the police officers human. Together, cops Aditi and Vikrant must solve mysteries from the realm of the paranormal.
comedy:The actress, comedian and YouTube sensation riffs on everything from nail salons and Gypsies to Mexican moms and super-sleuthing Liam Neeson.
drama:After a distressing incident, a Delhi man vows to believe only what he can see, but his new ideals soon take his life in extreme directions.
drama:A young medical intern sets out to fight for justice after the negligence of the surgeon he looked up to ends in tragedy.
children:While vacationing on picturesque Nantucket, a crafty teenage mystery writer contends with two thieves as she tries to solve a ghostly conundrum.
international:A plucky orphan whose passions run deep finds an unlikely home with a spinster and her soft-spoken bachelor brother. Based on Anne of Green Gables.
anime:A teen haunted by the spirit of an old friend summons the other members of their childhood club to help fulfill the girl's final wish.
drama:In a future where technology has rendered privacy obsolete, a detective investigates a serial assassin who has been deleted from all visual records.
drama:Overtaken by the death of her beloved, a grieving woman decides to take a spontaneous trip to visit her friend and get her life back on track.
action:After a massive alien artifact lands on Earth, Niko Breckinridge leads an interstellar mission to track down its source and make first contact.
international:A sound director who suddenly starts getting visions of someone else’s future gets mired in the lives of two women, who happen to share the same name.
crime:An angel falls to earth to investigate why humans are doing fewer good deeds – and falls in with a hard-charging crime reporter and his news team.
action:Problems big and small pop up when Scott Lang, aka Ant-Man, gets drafted by Dr. Hank Pym and Hope van Dyne, aka the Wasp, for an urgent rescue mission.
comedy:Learning he is the grandson of a famous knight, a young man hilariously fights a rival gang to win over the most beautiful woman in the tribe.
children:Space villains have abducted all the superheroes! It’s up to Bheem and his trusty team to save the others.
documentary:This CNN original series has chef Anthony Bourdain traveling to extraordinary locations around the globe to sample a variety of local cuisines.
comedy:Forging his own comedic boundaries, Anthony Jeselnik revels in getting away with saying things others can't in this stand-up special shot in New York.
comedy:There's no subject too dark as the comedian skewers taboos and riffs on national tragedies before pulling back the curtain on his provocative style.
comedy:A forger uses a fake identity in trying to retrieve stolen diamonds buried in a penitentiary, unaware a mob assassin is on the trail of his phony alias.
action:A tough-as-nails treasure hunter protects a humanitarian doctor as she tries to cure a supernatural disease caused by a mysterious witch.
documentary:With heart and determination, Antoine Griezmann overcame his small stature to become one of the world’s top soccer players and a World Cup champion.
drama:Seeking refuge in a Hindu temple after the tragic death of the girl he loved, a Muslim youth is caught by the police, who mistake him for an enemy.
anime:Hailing from the mountains of Iga, Kanzo Hattori moves in with elementary school student Kenichi Mitsuba and his family to hone his skills as a ninja.
documentary:Recovered cockpit footage and telling interviews reveal the true stories of US fighter pilots in one of the largest combat strikes in history.
crime:This gritty dramatization of the life of Carlos Tevez shows his rise to soccer stardom amid the harrowing conditions in Argentina's Fuerte Apache.
crime:A young journalist is forced into a life of crime to save his father and family in this series based on the novel by Miguel Sáez Carral.
drama:Raised under the condescending eye of his activist father, an underachieving loafer is lured into the local kingpin’s web of corruption and kidnapping.
documentary:A visionary carmaker introduces his fuel-efficient, high-performance hypercar to a market filled with big-name competitors like Ferrari and Porsche.
horror:This sci-fi thriller suggests that Apollo 17, despite official statements to the contrary, wasn't NASA's last manned mission to the moon.
horror:In 1905, a drifter on a dangerous mission to rescue his kidnapped sister tangles with a sinister religious cult on an isolated island.
action:After the world's top scientists disappear, orphaned April secretly forges ahead with a family experiment and gets tangled up in a vast conspiracy.
crime:Amid the turmoil of 1960s LA, two cops and a prominent political family are drawn into the sex- and drug-fueled web of a young Charles Manson.
action:A futuristic France tries to keep its people from despair and rebellion over crippling poverty by engaging them with a violent TV competition show.
drama:Newly orphaned Aram leaves Beirut to live with his grandfather in Los Angeles, and overwhelmed by culture shock, he falls prey to an Armenian gang.
comedy:Colombian stand-up comedians Antonio Sanint and Julián Arango impersonate an Argentine visitor and a cabbie, and a pair of dirty old men at the opera.
documentary:Twenty years after their debut, join the beloved members of Arashi on a new journey as they showcase their lives, talents and gifts to the world.
children:Happy-go-lucky chicken Archibald may not remember to do his chores, but he never forgets to have fun. After all, life's an adventure!
children:When he stumbles upon evil Otto Von Walrus's scheme to melt the Arctic, ambitious delivery fox Swifty assembles a ragtag crew to protect the planet.
drama:Madly in love with a brilliant scientist studying an immunizing protein produced by penguins, a timid med student offers her body to his research.
comedy:When authorities arrest his young son, a taxi driver must convince the courts and rabid media that he's not the criminal they seek.
other:Determined by a dating algorithm, a group of single contestants must identify their perfect matches for a shot at love and a cash prize.
international:Aiming to become part of Amsterdam's elite, an ambitious college student joins an exclusive society, unaware it's hiding a horrifying secret.
international:In a world filled with provocative (and often misleading) news, a passionate team of investigative TV reporters strives to bring truths to light.
comedy:In this English-language special, Icelandic comedian Ari Eldjárn pokes fun at Nordic rivalries, Hollywood's take on Thor, the whims of toddlers and more.
comedy:Wry yet thoughtful, comedian Ari Shaffir brings his edgy humor to two fast-paced stand-up specials about children and adulthood.
documentary:Ariana Grande takes the stage in London for her Sweetener World Tour and shares a behind-the-scenes look at her life in rehearsal and on the road.
comedy:A group of friends reunites for a vacation amid nature, where they laugh about their shared history and bond over difficult truths.
action:This animated retelling of the classic Indian tale of Prince Arjun – part of the Sanskrit epic Mahabharata – begins during the prince's youth.
international:Trapped in a lab and stuck in a time loop, a disoriented couple fends off masked raiders while harboring a new energy source that could save humanity.
comedy:It's the Emmy-winning story of a wealthy family that lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together.
crime:Based on DC Comics' Green Arrow, an affluent playboy becomes a vengeful superhero, saving the city from villains armed with just a bow and arrows.
comedy:In his first stand-up special, Arsenio Hall discusses getting older, the changing times and culture, social issues and even bothersome baby toes.
international:In a mythical land called Arth, the inhabitants of the ancient city of Arthdal and its surrounding regions vie for power as they build a new society.
comedy:Russell Brand stars in this remake as a philanderer who must decide whether to give up an inheritance of millions for the sake of romance.
children:At Santa Claus's super-secret toy-making facility, Mr. Claus entrusts his son, Arthur, to carry out an ultra-important Christmas mission.
drama:The grim realities of caste discrimination come to light as an entitled but upright city cop ventures into India’s heartland to investigate a murder.
drama:An epidemiologist turns her nationwide bird flu investigation into a chance to sample local delicacies en route, with three friends along for the ride.
horror:A beautiful tomb raider and her crew hunt for treasure in the catacombs of Paris and find themselves in a hellish underworld.
comedy:The structured world of a sour, obsessive-compulsive author crumbles when he's drawn into the lives of a stressed-out single mom and his gay neighbor.
drama:Entangling the lives of a movie star, a chauffeur, a prostitute and a pimp, this bold drama reveals ugly truths beneath Mumbai’s glitzy veneer.
drama:When a dispute breaks out between five siblings over their mother’s property, one devoted son will go to any lengths to protect her land.
action:Thirty years later, Ash Williams – demon hunter par excellence – is back to battle a new Deadite plague. He may have lost a hand, but not his touch.
international:Hidden away by her mother, the Floral Goddess, the naïve Jinmi is drawn to Xufeng, the Heavenly Emperor's son. Yet forces conspire against them.
documentary:From allergies to diet to sleep, three friendly doctors share expert advice, bust medical myths and test the latest treatments.
children:Five curious little creatures track down the answers to kids' biggest questions, like how night happens or why we need to brush our teeth.
action:This elaborate Bollywood epic dramatizes one man's transformation from a vengeful and cunning warrior into a legendary leader and teacher of Buddhism.
documentary:A comedy troupe of four friends on the autism spectrum prepares for a final show before its members go their separate ways.
action:When the brakes slam on his wedding, Roy accepts a challenge from a new foe to race for his runaway bride at the iconic Nürburgring track in Germany.
horror:A group of friends making a web series about their hometown realize it isn’t as boring as they thought when their neighbors start behaving strangely.
comedy:With unique individual perspectives that converge into a unified voice, sketch comedy group Astronomy Club delivers a smart and absurd brand of humor.
comedy:To win the heart of his true love – a high-society girl – a hapless commoner plots to change his identity and avoid his embarrassing friends.
drama:For a tech-savvy thief, elaborate robberies and evading the police are second nature until a private detective is hired to investigate his latest heist.
action:Caught between a corrupt mayor and a prosecutor intent on exposing political depravity, a police detective must decide whose side he's on.
documentary:This revealing documentary explores how the high-stakes world of Amateur Athletic Union basketball has professionalized youth sports in America.
drama:After mysterious lights imbue her with extraordinary powers, a teenager goes on the run from authorities with the friend who harbors a crush on her.
international:Encountering each other after a long separation, two childhood friends from orphanage must overcome great odds to fulfill an old promise and find love.
international:A young fabric geek lands a job at an upscale Japanese lingerie company – and quickly discovers she'll need help to survive.
documentary:This documentary focuses on the gymnasts who survived USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar's abuse and the reporters who exposed USAG's toxic culture.
drama:Arranged to marry a rich man, young Ada is crushed when her true love goes missing at sea during a migration attempt – until a miracle reunites them.
drama:With the world's economy in dire straits, corporate protagonist Dagny Taggart searches for a solution amid the rubble of a long-abandoned factory.
comedy:When a broken ATM dishes out a fortune, a couple who works at the bank vies to see who can recover the most cash – and the loser must find a new job.
crime:Captain Atomic – once a superhero, now a sock puppet – can only activate his powers with the help of Joey, his new partner and biggest fan.
anime:With his hometown in ruins, young Eren Yeager becomes determined to fight back against the giant Titans that threaten to destroy the human race.
documentary:Intrepid newspaper editor Harold Evans wages an ongoing battle to expose the truth about a dangerous drug and obtain compensation for its victims.
comedy:Four high school seniors steal an important college entrance exam and go on vacation to study, but accidentally lose the exam while partying.
comedy:When a teen on the autism spectrum decides to get a girlfriend, his bid for more independence puts his whole family on a path of self-discovery.
documentary:In this wrenching documentary, two teens are sexually assaulted by boys they considered friends, humiliated online and harassed by their communities.
comedy:Comedy trio Aunty Donna showcase their uniquely absurd and offbeat style through an array of sketches, songs and eclectic characters.
drama:42-year-old Viorel, a distraught engineer, takes drastic measures to end his emotional suffering after enduring a devastating divorce.
documentary:Newly released KGB files expose evidence proving how architects and engineers conspired with the Nazis to build a camp designed for genocide.
documentary:Three teams of gold hunters battle all manner of challenges while pursuing their dreams in the Australian Outback.
action:"The world's most shagadelic spy continues his fight against the diabolical Dr. Evil, who's teamed with a new foe: 1970s villain Goldmember."
comedy:A swingin' fashion photographer by day and a groovy British secret agent by night, superspy Austin Powers must foil the sinister schemes of Dr. Evil.
action:When diabolical genius Dr. Evil travels back in time to steal superspy Austin Powers's mojo, Austin must return to the swingin' '60s himself.
drama:A production crew that thinks it's making a documentary about a humble Mumbai rickshaw driver unmasks a horrifying truth about their film's subject.
international:In a dystopian future, an insurance adjuster for a tech company investigates a robot killed for violating protocol and discovers a global conspiracy.
international:After losing all memories of his past, a wealthy lawyer travels to a rural village where a woman he once loved now lives with her son.
action:An elite assassin wrestling with doubts about her work scrambles to protect herself — and her estranged family — after a hit goes dangerously wrong.
other:Siblings Katara and Sokka wake young Aang from a long hibernation and learn he's an Avatar, whose air-bending powers can defeat the evil Fire Nation.
drama:A devoted nun who cares for her elder sisters must choose between upholding her vows or pursuing her forbidden feelings for a fascinating pastor.
action:Betrayed by his loan shark brother, a hardened convict escapes from prison while on furlough to exact revenge against the people who made him a killer.
action:Superheroes amass to stop intergalactic sociopath Thanos from acquiring a full set of Infinity Stones and wiping out half of all life in the universe.
documentary:Follow the meteoric rise of Tim Bergling, aka Avicii, from Swedish teenager to the creative force behind Wake Me Up, You Make Me and other hits.
horror:A family’s tense reunion turns terrifying when they get trapped in their home by an unknown force, and sinister commands begin appearing on their TV.
other:After an accident leaves him with no recollection of who he is, a man becomes a prime suspect in the search for a serial killer targeting young women.
other:Sleepless for 24 hours, contestants in the comedy game show stumble through challenges both eccentric and everyday for a chance at a $1 million prize.
romance:Commander Emma Green leaves behind her husband and daughter to lead an international crew of astronauts on a perilous three-year mission to Mars.
international:A high-achieving 11-year-old student embarks on a journey of self-discovery at a school on a nearby island as he grapples with tensions at home.
drama:Disparate characters, including an aspiring time traveler, a phony chef, a drug-addicted waitress and several others, share a surprising connection.
comedy:In Delhi, friends from Northeast India prepare a pungent delicacy for a wedding party, sparking conflict and comedy with their unaccustomed neighbors.
drama:With his carefree bachelor days behind him, a young entrepreneur’s ambitions for adulthood come with some painful personal and professional decisions.
documentary:Delving into the disappearance of 43 college students in Mexico, this documentary seeks to give justice and a voice to the victims and their families.
drama:Sent away to evade an arranged marriage, a 14-year-old begins a harrowing journey of sex work and poverty in the slums of Accra.
drama:This biopic traces the tumultuous life and career of top cricket player Mohammad Azharuddin, who led India's national team in the 1990s.
comedy:Stand-up comedian and TV star Aziz Ansari (Parks and Recreation) delivers his sharp-witted take on immigrants, relationships and the food industry.
comedy:Parks and Recreation star Aziz Ansari takes the stage to share his unfiltered views on adulthood, babies, marriage, love and more in the modern era.
comedy:In a comedy special directed by Spike Jonze, Aziz Ansari shares deep personal insights and hilarious takes on wokeness, family and the social climate.
anime:Genius investigator Keith Flick rejoins the royal police force just as serial killer B emerges. Mysterious youth Koku may be an ally, or a target.
drama:Orphaned and at loose ends, young Mukesh falls into the seductive orbit of married Sarika, who leads him ever deeper into a world of sex and betrayal.
drama:A young woman eager to avoid an arranged marriage moves to Mumbai, where she learns hard truths about show business, life and love.
action:In 1975, during the government-declared Emergency, thief Bhawani and his crew plan a daring robbery to reclaim his royal lover's seized treasures.
action:A martial artist faces his biggest test when he has to travel to Bangkok to rescue the woman he loves from the clutches of his romantic rival.
action:To avenge his father's death, a young man leads an army into battle against a cruel tyrant in this Hindi conclusion to the historic saga.
action:To avenge his father's death, a young man leads an army into battle against a cruel tyrant in this Malayalam conclusion to the historic saga.
action:To avenge his father's death, a young man leads an army into battle against a cruel tyrant in this Tamil conclusion to the historic saga.
action:Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this English version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
action:Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this Hindi version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
action:Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this Malayalam version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
action:Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this Tamil version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
drama:A wide-eyed graduate learns the ugly side of ambition when he joins in the dubious business practices of his idol, a ruthless Mumbai stock tycoon.
drama:Following Turkey's bloody coup of 1980, a widowed reporter returns to his Aegean hometown, bringing his son and a last wish for his estranged father.
comedy:Facing pressure to marry immediately, an unemployed man must find a way to pay for a wedding by any means necessary.
drama:When an American couple vacationing in Morocco falls victim to a random act of violence, a series of events unfolds across four countries.
documentary:From nature to nurture, this docuseries explores the groundbreaking science that reveals how infants discover life during their very first year.
international:Fed up with their families and classmates, two teen girls from a wealthy part of Rome are drawn to the city's underworld and start leading double lives.
other:Step into the cutthroat world of kids' ballroom dancing, where ambitious instructors, proud parents and pint-sized performers waltz to win.
comedy:When two sisters travel from Canada to Punjab to visit their maternal family, they discover an opportunity to mend a broken bond with their grandmother.
comedy:From surprise news to relationship blues, four coworkers in different stages of motherhood unite to support each other in their struggles with men.
crime:A Soviet freight train's hijacking leads a haunted cop and a poor typist to uncover a political conspiracy amid the vice and glamour of 1929 Berlin.
documentary:Through intimate interviews, this documentary explores the stigma facing independent women who seek housing in modern Mumbai.
comedy:When their car breaks down en route to São Paulo, a father and son accept a ride from four beautiful telemarketers who are headed there on holiday.
children:An American science geek ready to spend a summer at sea accidentally ends up at an Australian soccer academy and is forced to kick it with the locals.
anime:To pay for an epic blunder, three yakuza brothers are forced to alter their bodies, form a girl group and break into the underground J-Pop idol scene.
international:A young man who's learned nothing about his father from his single mom has a freak accident that sends him back to 1989, the year before he was born.
comedy:Eager to flaunt their success in front of old bullies and teenage crushes, two best friends spend a wild night at their middle school reunion.
comedy:When a teenager is transported back to his parents’ high school days, he has the chance to alter the events that led to their unhappy marriage.
international:New beginnings or old baggage? Four singles have one chance to reignite romance with an ex – or leave the past behind for good.
horror:A weekend hike for urbanites Alex and Jenn takes a dangerous turn when they become lost deep in the remote territory of a menacing bear.
action:In this sequel to the 1991 film, a determined fire investigator recruits an imprisoned arsonist to help untangle a web of fire, murder and corruption.
drama:When two would-be robbers accidentally kill a made man, they find themselves on the run from the South Philly Italian mob.
drama:Haunted by visions of the dead, psychologist Peter returns home to confront a long-ago trauma. But will the trip exorcise or embolden the ghosts?
crime:This sprawling crime drama follows the true story of the Rizzuto family and its associates, who presided over organized crime in Montreal for decades.
other:This investigative docuseries explores the greed, fraud and corruption that built up — and ultimately brought down — India’s most infamous tycoons.
action:In this fast-paced actioner, two Miami narcotics cops are hot on the trail of a master crook who has snatched $100 million worth of heroin.
action:In this hyperkinetic sequel, a pair of Miami narcotics cops investigate a Cuban drug kingpin's connection to Florida's influx of Ecstasy.
other:A mild-mannered, middle-aged Irish farmer devoted to his mother embarks on a violent quest for revenge when she's murdered in a home invasion.
other:"A history teacher at the posh Abbey Grove, Alfie Wickers is something truly special: He's his school's, if not England's, single worst educator."
drama:A top student gets pulled into a cheating racket with increasingly higher risks and even higher rewards. But she may lose much more than she gains.
comedy:The geriatric antics of Irving Zisman continue in this next installment of the Jackass franchise, which features unused footage from the first film.
crime:Reinstated to eradicate the worst crimes in the city, a detective requests the release of three convicts to enlist their help in catching the felons.
crime:Ordered to take down a villainous business leader who controls the city, a prosecutor gathers a team of men who may not be so clean themselves.
other:A player who uses the internet to facilitate his womanizing ways is tormented when he spurns a persistent woman who won't take no for an answer.
documentary:Four young Asian-American rappers strive to achieve success on their own terms in a musical genre that often treats them as outsiders.
comedy:Troubled by his past, a scam artist who runs a petty racket with his adoptive mom finds redemption while mentoring a group of difficult students.
international:When a man is killed, his wife and his lover – both of whom are pregnant with his children – come under the thumb of his brutal, dictatorial father.
drama:A young woman who is suspected of practicing black magic and witchcraft is demonized and forced to live apart from her family.
international:When a woman is accused of killing her lover, a renowned lawyer is hired – but the more they try to  untangle the truth, the more convoluted it becomes.
drama:A detective with a license to kill roams the Old West to wrangle Confederate war criminals and meets a pioneer woman who throws his journey off track.
other:Couples go on a romantic getaway to test their relationships, not knowing their families are calling the shots and cringing over their every move.
anime:While martial arts champion Baki Hanma trains hard to surpass his legendary father, five violent death row inmates descend upon Tokyo to take him on.
anime:Dan Kouzo and his crew of heroic brawlers battle both challengers and powerful, evil forces as they work to protect humans and the Bakugan.
anime:Dan Kouzo and his pals bond with mysterious creatures known as Bakugan while fighting sinister forces out to control the world.
children:Watch Ganesh destroy demons, disarm invaders and defeat dacoits in this series based on the mythological Hindu elephant god’s childhood.
international:A veteran journalist starting a news site about corruption in Chile stumbles on a big story when a fellow investigative reporter dies suspiciously.
children:Balto, who is half wolf and half dog, endures the taunts of disapproving humans as he guides a precious cargo of medicine through the Alaskan winter.
children:Half-dog, half-wolf Balto (voiced by Maurice LaMarche) and his wife proudly put their pups up for adoption to humans, but when nobody takes daughter Aleu because she looks too much like a wolf, she runs away to search for her place in the world.
children:A pilot challenges Balto's son Kodi and his sled team to see who can deliver the mail faster, but the dogs race to the rescue when the plane vanishes.
international:Determined to stop his ex-girlfriend from marrying, a young man crashes the wrong wedding and meets a bride looking to run away.
comedy:Minibus driver Riza is a steady presence in his close-knit neighborhood, until he brings home a dreamy beauty and throws everything into chaos.
comedy:Searching for a soul mate, a ghost negotiates with God for three more days on Earth to find love, then meets a woman in need of help herself.
comedy:Despite leaving for college, a heartsick teen tries to build a new friendship with a kindred spirit even though she's dating her ex-boyfriend.
comedy:A young married couple tries to save their disintegrating relationship by turning their fights into songs, with the help of an oddball neighbor.
action:Recast as modern-day men, Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn draft their misfit cronies to help find the buried treasure the two have sought since boyhood.
action:Heirless Maharaj Brajbhan leaves his throne to his cousin Vikram, but when Brajbhan's wife, Badi Rani, finally conceives, Vikram plots to destroy her.
action:A small but fierce group of resistance fighters engages in a brutal battle to protect their village from an army of Burmese invaders.
comedy:Sent on the same deadly international mission by their rival religious factions, two men's madcap antics along the way take them hilariously off course.
international:Three young men leading carefree bachelors’ lives in the city face the trials of true love when they meet three beautiful women.
international:Living under the same roof, a group of unabashed friends wrestle with everyday issues from financial woes and shared quarters to romantic misfires.
drama:"When offered a deal to snitch on fellow prisoners, an inmate faces a tough dilemma: act in his own interest, or help those who may need him."
international:A loving couple become rivals when Belle opens a fusion bistro next to her ex-boyfriend Kram’s traditional restaurant in Bangkok’s chic Ari district.
international:From a teenage parkour enthusiast to a bawdy restaurateur, an eclectic group of characters find romance in Bangkok's glittering Silom district.
international:A kind computer repairman falls for a street-smart graffiti artist whose multiple personality disorder worsens after she witnesses a double murder.
international:In Bangkok's Chinatown, a spirited digital marketing expert falls for a blind fortune-teller, but their love is predestined to end in disaster.
comedy:After an encounter with an engineer working the night shift for the city train, a 30-year-old woman struggles against all odds to pursue true love.
documentary:"Explore the history and philosophies behind one of the world's most beloved – and successful – soccer franchises: FC Barcelona."
drama:"After futile attempts to better their lives with honest work, three broke friends opt for a more dubious means of making money: kidnapping for ransom."
comedy:A laid-back civil servant and wealthy video blogger struggle to make it as a modern couple amid strict Saudi social conventions.
international:Torn between the mighty empire that raised him and his own tribal people, a Roman officer's conflicted allegiances lead to an epic historical clash.
documentary:A blend of cultural nuance and mesmerizing techniques adds flavor to this globe-hopping celebration of cooking, tradition and community.
children:Barbie and her sisters set off on a Swiss adventure to the majestic Alps, where they're excited to spend the summer at a fun-filled riding academy!
children:While visiting Ken and exploring a coral reef, Barbie and her sisters make an amazing discovery and meet a mysterious new friend.
children:Get to know Barbie and her BFFs – including next-door neighbor Ken – in this animated vlog of adventures filmed inside her family's new dreamhouse.
children:As the Roberts family heads to Costa Rica to investigate a mermaid legend, Barbie takes on a summer job at a water park run by a devious boss.
children:Surf champ Merliah discovers she's actually a mermaid in a girl's body. With the help of a dolphin, Merliah must rescue her mom, the Queen of Oceana.
children:A princess with a predictable life finds herself transformed by a magical butterfly's kiss into Super Sparkle, a crime-fighting superhero.
children:When royal Princess Courtney trades places with famous rock star Erika, two worlds collide while both learn to appreciate new friends and experiences.
children:Join blond icon Barbie and her fabulous friends as their behind-the-scenes adventures are revealed in this animated Web series.
children:Through music and magic, Barbie learns what it's like to be a modern princess when she trades places with a royal lookalike.
children:A hoverboard-riding princess of the cosmos, Barbie must band together with a team of talented new friends to save the stars from winking out.
children:When devilish fairies capture Ken and fly away with him, Barbie and Raquelle travel to the glittering fairy world of Gloss Angeles to save him.
children:Blair Willows is excited when she gets to go to Princess Charm School, where she meets princesses Delancy and Hadley, and searches for a magic crown.
children:A high-tech spy agency transforms Barbie and her best friends into secret agents, using their gymnastics skills to bring down a cunning cat burglar.
children:Barbie stars as a princess who would rather sing and dance than be a royal. When a famous pop star visits the kingdom, they decide to switch places.
children:Pulled into her favorite video game, Barbie becomes a fun, roller-skating heroine who's battling a sinister emoji that's trying to take over.
other:Iconic songstress Barbra Streisand culminates her 13-city tour in Miami with dazzling ballads, Broadway standards and stories from behind the scenes.
drama:While pursuing a degree in Spain, an architecture student struggling with grief meets a fellow expatriate trying to flee a difficult family life.
international:Years after a disastrous job in Balochistan, a former Indian spy must confront his past when he returns to lead an unsanctioned hostage-rescue mission.
comedy:When she falls in love with the author of a novel she adores, bohemian Bitti enlists the help of a local printer to find her new object of affection.
action:A girl raised to be a government assassin just wants to be a normal teen – so she runs away and pretends to be a high school exchange student.
comedy:Years after rejecting Barfii, a hearing and speech impaired young man, for a more appropriate suitor, Shruti finds herself falling for him.
comedy:Four friends from a humble technical school compete against the elite students of a prestigious university in a robot-building contest.
drama:A young Barack Obama forges his identity while dealing with race, divergent cultures and ordinary life as a New York City college student.
action:A naïve young man and a rich city girl fall in love. Her stepfather, however, doesn't approve of the match and will stop at nothing to split the pair.
comedy:When two slackers' made-up sport, BASEketball, becomes a national craze, they hope to cash in on the basketball/baseball hybrid's popularity.
other:A detective investigating a rock star's brutal murder becomes drawn to the prime suspect — a mysterious novelist whose recent book mirrors the crime.
documentary:Follow the Chinle High basketball team in Arizona's Navajo Nation on a quest to win a state championship and bring pride to their isolated community.
children:A curious and talkative bat finds spooky fun on the streets of Fogville, a town that's not as quiet as it seems, with a plucky girl and her brothers.
crime:When his father dies, Norman Bates and his mother open a hotel. But Norman's precarious mental state drives them down a dark and violent path.
drama:An ambitious young athlete endeavors to revive his floundering running career after falling prey to negative influences.
documentary:A comedy writer for David Letterman unearths a hidden world of hilariously bizarre musicals, which turns into a toe-tapping obsession.
action:The Joker makes life hell for the Gordon family in a monstrous attempt to prove to Batman that one bad day can drive a good man to madness.
drama:After Amalie's dad goes bankrupt, the young dancer's affluent life collapses. But she finds a new beat to follow after meeting hip-hop dancer Mikael.
crime:A polished FBI agent must team up with a cynical cop when he's dispatched to Battle Creek, Michigan, to set up an office at the local precinct.
action:A team of mercenaries working with the CIA accepts an off-the-books mission in Chernobyl, where deadly human-controlled droids prepare an ambush.
other:A four-man team heads to Latvia and Poland to unearth rare World War II artifacts and shed new light on the bloody battles of the Eastern Front.
other:Over the course of a fishing season, tough men and women pursue lucrative albacore tuna in the competitive waters off the Oregon coast.
other:A dysfunctional middle-class family is transformed by the attentions of their talented new chef – until he vanishes along with their valuable jewels.
drama:A young girl grows increasingly concerned about the rhino poaching in her village when it begins to directly impact her impoverished family.
drama:Alone in Finland, a retired Mexican boxer lives in desolation under the weight of an agonizing past, until he gets a shot at redemption in the ring.
drama:A young man challenges traditional customs by standing up to the father of the woman he loves, who has promised her to a wealthy expatriate.
action:A cooly confident aging hit man returns from exile in Paris to his old city, Mumbai, to revisit his past and perform one last job.
documentary:"Trace the brave journey of actor Andy Whitfield, who received a devastating cancer diagnosis while starring in the series Spartacus: Blood and Sand."
comedy:To escape the stress of fame, teen pop star Jordan goes incognito in a small town, where he forms a special bond with high school art student Emily.
international:They were the boy band to beat until fame tore them apart. Ten years later, five friends and an ex-love reunite and find themselves closer than ever.
international:After reconnecting with their girlhood crushes, two sisters find their lives turned upside down by surprising revelations and romantic intrigue.
children:Bear buddies Bucky and Bjorn play games, go on far-out adventures and learn about wondrous new things together.
documentary:Whoever came up with the term bird brain never met these feathered thinkers, who use their claws and beaks to solve puzzles, make tools and more.
comedy:Disaster-prone Mr. Bean is sent to Los Angeles to guard a famous painting, but as he's unfit for any physical task, everything goes hilariously wrong.
children:A well-known wildlife photographer living alone in the Bohemian Forest finds himself playing mama bear to a pair of abandoned cubs.
documentary:A diverse crew of experts dive deep into the origin stories of mythological monsters before building replicas of the creatures using 3D CGI technology.
anime:In a world where beasts of all kinds coexist, a gentle wolf awakens to his own predatory urges as his school deals with a murder within its midst.
drama:When civil war tears his family apart, a young West African boy is forced to join a unit of mercenary fighters and transform into a child soldier.
children:With songs made famous by the Beatles, five friendly bugs learn big lessons about the world around them – all from the safety of their own backyard.
children:After winning a local talent show, the Beat Bugs journey to compete on The Bug Factor, a televised singing contest held in faraway Rocket Ship Park.
international:After enduring both business and family upheavals, a ruthless investment director has a heart transplant and finds a new way to look at life and love.
drama:On Chicago's South Side, hip-hop prodigy August Monroe navigates crippling anxiety and new creative frontiers with the help of an unlikely mentor.
documentary:Back in the days of disco, Mexico had its own stars of the night. This documentary casts new light on former queens of the Mexican burlesque scene.
crime:A homicide detective and a veteran who has been turned into a beast by a military experiment gone awry become allies after they meet by chance.
action:Finding himself in a desperate situation, undercover agent Emman asks his former best friend, Erika, to join him on a dangerous mission.
international:Beauty pageant contestants from all over Thailand fight for the crown as they contend with drama and intrigue behind the scenes.
comedy:After realizing that their boob tube is gone, Beavis and Butt-head set off on an expedition that takes them from Las Vegas to the nation's capital.
comedy:"When ladies' man Robin meets Jamika, he falls head over heels, but she greets him with four surprises: her son and her girlfriend Bebe's three kids."
comedy:After losing a World Cup bet, two hapless buddies must use their wits to pay off their debt to a big Jakarta bookie in this action-packed comedy.
international:Two housemates get married for financial convenience, but discover nothing is simple when it comes to demanding in-laws, or facing their growing bond.
comedy:Trouble and high jinks ensue when a man and woman stumble on a bag full of money while out on the town.
documentary:Join former first lady Michelle Obama in an intimate documentary looking at her life, hopes and connection with others as she tours with Becoming.
documentary:This series looks at the stories behind the athletes and countries that have achieved World Cup champion status.
drama:A passionate romance with roguish barrister Tom Lefroy serves as the inspiration for the works of budding novelist Jane Austen.
children:Skeeter's life is turned upside down when the fantastical stories he makes up to entertain his niece and nephew inexplicably turn into reality.
children:Barry, a worker bee stuck in a dead-end job making honey, sues humans when he learns they've been stealing bees' nectar all along.
drama:A single mother in London's Camden Town hears music when she meets a handsome stranger with a past. But she's not sure she's ready to open her heart.
international:Four female friends in the fast-paced city of Lagos, Nigeria endure public and private pressures to walk down the aisle by the age of 30.
drama:Forced to continually relive the day she dies in a car crash, a privileged high schooler must unravel the cosmic mystery of her suddenly looping life.
horror:Still mourning the death of their son, Mark and Jessie welcome foster child Cody into their lives. Soon they discover he has a strange ability.
documentary:Leonardo DiCaprio crisscrosses the globe to investigate the consequences of man-made globe warming and the measures being taken to reverse it.
drama:Ahead of summer break, a couple heads to a seaside resort where intimate interactions with other villagers make for anything but a peaceful holiday.
documentary:After a documentary about the Japanese whaling industry garnered international attention, an amateur filmmaker decides to tell the rest of the story.
other:"After dire setbacks in 1940, Winston Churchill commissions a new kind of fighting force: commandos trained to use stealth and audacious tactics."
documentary:Follow singer and YouTube sensation Todrick Hall as he launches an original musical based on growing up gay in Texas and finding showbiz success.
documentary:Meet the growing, worldwide community of theorists who defend the belief that the Earth is flat while living in a society who vehemently rejects it.
international:Confident and cool under pressure, top news presenter Punchalee meets her match in the conniving Dao, who'll stop at nothing to fulfill her ambitions.
crime:An Ankara homicide detective with a dark personal life and a disdain for rules and political correctness solves murders and fights police corruption.
drama:After having her heart broken by a man who seduced her at a party, a young, ambitious woman concocts a scheme to get revenge.
documentary:With retirement staring him in the face, an all-time-great jump jockey pursues his 20th consecutive title in his unrelenting quest for glory.
documentary:Whoopi Goldberg narrates Elmo creator Kevin Clash's remarkable journey from a working-class Baltimore neighborhood to Jim Henson's Sesame Street.
romance:Ambitious single TV journalist Mary Jane attempts to balance her career with her overbearing family and an increasingly messy love life.
drama:When a scorned wife from the city shares a cab with a troubled villager, a fiery accident forces them to live out each other's lives.
documentary:On the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo, thousands of enthusiasts reenact the epic clash. But there can only be one Napoleon.
other:In the aftermath of the 1967 Arab-Israeli War, four young Lebanese navigate their existence along rapidly transforming political lines.
drama:Two brothers become partners in a modest nightclub and turn it into the hottest spot in town, but their exhilarating run of success comes at a price.
documentary:This documentary tries to reconstruct, through a series of interviews, a family's misguided attempt to heal a woman's pain through exorcism.
children:The life of cheerleader Bella Dawson turns upside down when, in a twist of fate, she becomes quarterback for her middle school's football team.
drama:An artist muddles through a midlife crisis while trying to balance his dimming career with a yearning to be a better father.
drama:An engaged fashion editor begins a torrid affair with a female roofer that threatens to turn both of their lives upside down.
children:In the magical Little Kingdom, friends Ben Elf and fairy princess Holly have fun adventures as they learn about teamwork, sharing and problem-solving.
children:Ben can transform into ten types of aliens. He'll try 'em all while adventuring across the country with his cousin Gwen and Grandpa Max.
other:Backed by a full band and a ready wit, actor Ben Platt opens up a very personal songbook onstage —numbers from his debut LP, Sing to Me Instead.”
comedy:A rookie lawyer with an emasculating past in baseball can break into the legal world only if he manages a law firm's ragtag company softball team.
documentary:This documentary follows a group of ambitious advocates whose mission to save lives in Haiti turns into a global fight for health care and justice.
other:An escaped psychopathic child killer faces off against one of his former victims, who has since become a hard-nosed detective.
children:A determined dog comes to the rescue and helps heal a broken family when a young boy and his sister stumble into some serious danger.
children:Benji is back in this charming story that's told from the pooch's point of view, tracking his early days as a pup to his current life in showbiz.
children:While on a press tour, Benji goes behind the scenes of Santa's workshop. But Santa has a devastating secret, so it's up to Benji to save Christmas.
drama:A medically discharged soldier attempts an improbable return to motorcycle racing to win enough prize money to save his father's farm.
drama:DJ Ickarus is at the top of his game, dazzling fans and touring the world – until he gets locked in the loony bin after taking a few too many drugs.
comedy:After a losing streak puts him in debt of 50,000 euros to his sponsors, an unlikely Turkish-German boxer in Berlin finds himself in need of a miracle.
international:What starts as a passionate one-night stand quickly turns sinister when Clare learns she's locked inside Andi's apartment with no way out.
comedy:In this cinematic sequel to the hit TV series, Lolle has moved on from Sven and is about to marry her friend Hart – until Sven disrupts her plans.
drama:Set in the Grey City, this Cities of Love installment is a star-studded, 10-story collection of redemptive love, crushing loss and everyday romances.
action:Loner Guts is recruited by Griffith and his band of mercenaries, but their ensuing success as a full-fledged army could lead to a horrible fate.
action:For three years, Guts believed his mission was to pursue Griffith's dream together with him. But in order to become Griffith's equal and truly be called his friend, Guts realizes he will have to leave the Band of the Hawk.
action:A year after he left the Band of the Hawk, Guts rejoins them in an epic battle to vanquish the God Hand and save Griffith from a hellish fate.
comedy:Ever the stand-up party animal, comic Bert Kreischer riffs on parenting and family life, being a gun and pet owner, his dad discovering pot, and more.
comedy:Shirtless comic Bert Kreischer relays personal secrets and stories about being a cool – if not always responsible – dad in this stand-up special.
comedy:From his run-in with a grizzly bear to partying with the Russian mafia, the shirtless comic returns with laugh-out-loud tales in this stand-up special.
other:Decadent pasta from day-old fries? Skillful cooks transform tired leftovers into tantalizing new dishes in this wildly creative culinary competition.
international:Two young stars with different backgrounds and agendas enter into a fake marriage to advance their careers, until the fake starts turning real.
comedy:A just-married couple moves into their new home, finding themselves at war with the kids next door, who seem determined to make their lives miserable.
comedy:From Jerry Seinfeld to Leslie Jones, Kevin Hart to Hannah Gadsby, laugh along with the funniest bits from Netflix's 2020 stand-up comedy specials.
documentary:From unseen footage to the last table read, this documentary takes an inside look at the final season of the acclaimed comedy series Schitt's Creek.
documentary:The cast and crew of the 1981 Broadway musical Merrily We Roll Along recall joy and heartbreak during the production of a surefire hit that wasn't.
children:Teenage friends plan an epic trip to Comic-Con to meet their idol, only to get caught in one hilariously awkward predicament after another.
international:Hired to displace tribal villagers to make way for a new highway, officials unearth an old curse and an army of British soldier-zombies.
children:This documentary follows the rising tide of Bethany Hamilton who lost her arm as a teen before making waves in pro surfing and her personal life.
crime:This Emmy-nominated prequel to Breaking Bad follows small-time attorney Jimmy McGill as he transforms into morally challenged lawyer Saul Goodman.
crime:A family on the brink of splitting up become the owners of a cutting-edge robot being sought by a corporation, homicide investigators and terrorists.
documentary:This documentary dives into the complex world of Herbalife, the international nutritional products company accused of being a pyramid scheme.
documentary:This documentary on actress and television producer Betty White traces her decades-long career as a  woman breaking new ground in entertainment.
international:After a mysterious disease kills every resident over 22 years old, survivors of a town must fend for themselves when the government quarantines them.
drama:A former actress takes a trip to Japan, where she meets a young man who provides an escape from reality and makes her consider a different way of life.
comedy:Armed with awkward questions and zero self-awareness, Zach Galifianakis hits the road to find famous interview subjects for his no-budget talk show.
other:Grieving for his dead wife and daughter, a trucker plunges into a romance with a mother who needs his help. The dead, however, are far from gone.
drama:A young woman faces pressure to marry her brother-in-law, after her sister dies while giving birth. But she's secretly in love with someone else.
comedy:A man suffering from amnesia can't seem to choose between the women playing tricks on him.
anime:Middle schooler Valt Aoi, with his Beyblade Valtryek, faces off against friends, classmates and rivals to become the world's number one Blader.
anime:Scouted by a famous Spanish club, Valt Aoi heads to Spain. With their sights on the World League, he and his teammates face the European League first.
anime:After training with legendary Valt Aoi, Dante and his trusty Ace Dragon lead the next generation of Bladers to battle in Japan — Beyblade's birthplace.
anime:Yearning to earn the title of world blading champion, a novice competitor must harness his untamed potential through training and tournaments.
anime:In this anime adventure series for kids, the forces of good and evil blade it out, battling each other with enchanted spinning tops.
comedy:When a local musician and his band are forced to perform in honor of a right-wing coup, his daughter schemes to make their music subversive instead.
documentary:As the 2011 Cricket World Cup begins, three Indians demonstrate their passion and the sacrifices they've made for the country's most popular sport.
action:In the wake of an extraterrestrial invasion, a suspended L.A. cop teams up with survivors to stop the onslaught and rescue human captives.
comedy:"Secrets from the Stranger Things 2 universe are revealed as cast and guests discuss the latest episodes with host Jim Rash. Caution: spoilers ahead!"
documentary:With highlights from the 2020 tourney, this program offers an inside look at the global showcase for women's cricket — the ICC Women's T20 World Cup.
drama:A youthful drug dealer in Mumbai must change his ways when the sister who raised him is assaulted by her boss and imprisoned for defending herself.
international:A kind-hearted insurance agent has the mysterious power to temporarily shoulder the problems and pain of others, with comic results in his own life.
international:Facing disapproving parents, a knotty love life and her own inner critic, an aspiring comic ditches her cushy but unsatisfying life to pursue stand-up.
international:An impulsive, free-spirited woman who's defied convention for much of her life suddenly finds herself flirting with a classic romance.
comedy:A theater group lands in trouble when its new actress takes her own life, two of its members are framed for murder and no one is who they appear to be.
drama:This first of a two-part biopic depicts the early years that lay the foundation for beloved Marathi writer and comedian P.L. Deshpande’s iconic career.
drama:The second installment of P.L. Deshpande’s biopic explores the Marathi humorist’s political journey, philanthropic endeavors and personal life.
comedy:Married to two women – each unaware of the other – a man finds his double life threatened when an old friend who knows his not-so-little secret arrives.
comedy:Determined to bring traditional bhangra to the world stage, a dancer preps for an international competition against a rival with dreams of her own.
drama:In this heart-wrenching coming-of-age story, a young boy embarks on an arduous trek with his debt-ridden father to sell their beloved family donkey.
drama:When his best friend is killed for uncovering political corruption, an idealistic young man decides to become a masked fighter for justice.
children:It's Diwali! To celebrate, Chhota Bheem and his friends put on a stage show of the Ramayana, re-enacting the epic story behind the festival of lights.
action:Tired of being single, a smart-aleck meme creator has a chance to prove himself to the girl he loves when he is suddenly appointed CEO of her workplace.
drama:Siddharth dismisses warnings that his palace might be haunted, until ghostly occurrences force him to reconsider his beliefs.
horror:After a couple moves into an apartment, the wife’s increasingly disturbing behavior unravels chilling secrets about their new home’s past.
drama:A 23-year-old girl who's married to a man more than twice her age is forced to contend with the predatory nature of a male-dominated society.
children:Teen witch Bibi and horse-loving Tina face trouble when a posh girl flirts with Tina's boyfriend and a crook sets his greedy eyes on a promising foal.
children:When robbers hit Falkenstein castle, teen witch Bibi and pal Tina hunt for the crooks, then devise a plan to save the neighbors' failing ranch.
children:At summer camp, young Bibi and her friends are pitted against the boys in a treasure hunt. But what's a witch to do when she loses her powers?
children:Teen witch Bibi and her pal Tina return to the screen to reconcile a runaway girl with her narrow-minded family and save Falkenstein Castle from chaos.
international:When a busy mother and father realize they need help with their two young children, they hire a series of maids, often with humorous results.
children:When three teens free a spirit that offers to grant each a wish, they choose to become their favorite superheroes, launching a series of adventures.
comedy:The alcohol-fueled high jinks of a bachelor party go haywire when the buddies of an ill-fated groom abduct his fiancée's new lover.
comedy:Dumped by his girlfriend because he refuses to accept responsibility, overgrown adolescent Sonny Koufax adopts a 5-year-old to prove he's a grownup.
other:Writer and presenter Monty Don helps England's budding horticulturists plant and grow the gardens of their dreams.
children:Junior high students Jason and Kaylee take action when a greedy Hollywood producer turns Jason's essay into a hit film without giving him credit.
action:A tenderfoot and two gamblers seeking their fortunes in a boom town instead find themselves defending it from a gunslinging preacher and his gang.
children:After a reporter writes about whales trapped in the Arctic Circle, the U.S. and U.S.S.R. team up to rescue them in this tale inspired by true events.
comedy:Teenage friends find their lives upended by the wonders and horrors of puberty in this edgy comedy from real-life pals Nick Kroll and Andrew Goldberg.
comedy:A single middle-aged woman who has lived her whole life in a small Virginia mining town uncovers a family secret that alters her profoundly.
documentary:In this documentary, architect Bjarke Ingels offers his vision for 2 World Trade Center as he aims to restore Manhattan's skyline to its former glory.
children:Big Time Rush heads to London for their first world tour, but when the boys' bags are switched, they get mixed up in a mission to save the world.
documentary:Go backstage with French rap duo Bigflo & Oli in this intimate music documentary, then join the superstar siblings as they embark on a major tour.
children:When his video game concept is stolen by a dishonest executive, a teenage chronic liar sets out to prove that he's telling the truth, for once.
documentary:British documentarian Nick Broomfield investigates the murders of rappers Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls, digging up some surprises in the process.
documentary:This documentary charts the rise and fall of hot yoga founder Bikram Choudhury as his global empire is born and disturbing revelations come to light.
comedy:Bill Burr escapes the zombie apocalypse, explores how rom-coms ruin great sex and explains how too many childhood hugs may be the downfall of man.
comedy:The musings of comedian Bill Burr are let loose in this special, which was filmed at the historic Fillmore Auditorium in San Francisco.
comedy:Bill Burr unloads on outrage culture, male feminism, cultural appropriation, robot sex and more in a blistering stand-up special shot in London.
comedy:No-nonsense comic Bill Burr takes the stage in Nashville and riffs on fast food, overpopulation, dictators and gorilla sign language.
comedy:Funnyman Bill Burr takes the stage to uncork a profanity-laced, incisive routine that pokes fun at plastic surgery, reality TV, gold diggers and more.
comedy:Bill Hicks remembers a wild night in 1989 and offers his views on puffing cigarettes, smoking weed, drinking, sex, commercials and music.
documentary:This documentary about comedian Bill Hicks offers insight into his irreverent takes on, well, everything. Brother Steve Hicks is the star witness.
comedy:In one of his most iconic performances, late comedian Bill Hicks demonstrates what made him such a singular talent and a force to be reckoned with.
comedy:In his final recorded special, the iconoclastic comedian channels Goat Boy and tackles provocative topics like British porn, pot and the priesthood.
comedy:Filmed in 1989 at a turning point in comedian Bill Hicks's career, this rare onstage performance captures him spouting off on a variety of topics.
comedy:Emmy-winning host Bill Nye brings experts and famous guests to his lab for a talk show exploring scientific issues that touch our lives.
documentary:The dynamic, bow-tied host behind the young adult science show faces climate-change skeptics as he demonstrates the importance of scientific evidence.
drama:An Indian village is abuzz with news that a major movie star is coming to town – even more so because the town barber went to school with him. But as the day of the actor's visit approaches, the humble barber begins to worry he won't be recognized.
drama:When a boy trades boxing school for ballet lessons, he may take his newfound talent all the way to the top - and win over his disapproving father.
documentary:This documentary recounts the life story of evangelist preacher Billy Graham featuring interviews with family members and former presidents.
international:Comedian Billy Eichner sprints through New York with celebrities to stun pedestrians with unapologetic, unfiltered and unique pop culture questions.
drama:Torn between his demanding corporate career, his passion for music and his turbulent family life, a man struggles to keep his inner demons in check.
international:A medical student enters a top German university on a secret mission to uncover a conspiracy linking a family tragedy to a visionary biology professor.
drama:Inspired by classic and contemporary literature, four renowned Marathi directors create four individual stories in this anthology of short films.
action:A Istanbul mobster falls for an Indian yoga instructor whose abduction takes him on a wild rescue mission to Mumbai.
drama:Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety.
documentary:Bird watchers on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border share their enthusiasm for protecting and preserving some of the world's most beautiful species.
drama:A sheltered farm girl inadvertently shoots an endangered Philippine eagle, setting off a police investigation that exposes violence and corruption.
comedy:In an attempt to settle the nature vs. nurture debate, a scientist couple raises three children to live lives that defy their genetic dispositions.
comedy:Cracking under the demands of children and a philandering, thankless husband, an overworked suburban mother assumes the persona of a ferocious dog.
action:A unconventional, efficient Interpol special agent goes rogue and assembles a team of thieves to catch a shadowy hacker called The Ghost.
international:Elena Michaels tries to stray from the pack of werewolves that turned her into a monster, but her efforts are thwarted by a string of grisly murders.
crime:While investigating the disappearance of a teen girl in a tight-knit Galician town, a Civil Guard officer uncovers secrets linked to a loss of her own.
comedy:After 20 years abroad, a photographer returns to his birth country of Egypt and gets stranded without identification in a now unfamiliar culture.
comedy:When a small-town wedding videographer falls in love, he decides he needs to make more money and turns to shooting sexy videos – with mixed results.
action:A small-town man takes on a dangerous gangster to avenge his father, a police officer who ended his own life after being framed in a deadly crime.
action:When the Great Famine ravages his beloved country, a battle-hardened Irishman deserts the British Empire and exacts revenge on the tyrants responsible.
drama:When low-income families move into a thriving black community in Chicago, they find themselves at odds with politicians to maintain their status.
anime:In Victorian London, 12-year-old business magnate Ciel Phantomhive thwarts dangers to the queen as he's watched over by his demon butler, Sebastian.
international:"This drama portrays women and kids living under the Islamic State group: a Yazidi slave, an undercover reporter, a recruited mom and child snipers."
other:Adopted by a human rights attorney after the Rwandan genocide, legal investigator Kate Ashby confronts her past when she takes on war crimes cases.
drama:This docudrama based on the same-titled book tracks the aftermath of a 1993 bombing in Bombay through the eyes of a journalist covering the story.
action:When U.S. forces attempt to capture two underlings of a Somali warlord, their helicopters are shot down and the Americans suffer heavy casualties.
crime:Blaming a crooked media mogul for the death of his journalist sister, a surgeon enlists the help of a beautiful psychologist to get revenge.
other:At a Black-owned-and-operated hotspot for ink in Harlem, tattoo king Ceaser looks to expand his empire while working with a rambunctious crew.
action:School principal and retired superhero Jefferson Pierce leaps back into action as the legendary Black Lightning after a gang threatens his family.
documentary:This film chronicles the health and social problems that African albinos face and details the fight waged on their behalf by advocacy groups in Spain.
other:This sci-fi anthology series explores a twisted, high-tech near-future where humanity's greatest innovations and darkest instincts collide.
drama:In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings.
crime:After a cop's fiancée and a jewelry designer's father are found dead together, the two bereaved ones face a perilous aftermath of a theft gone wrong.
action:T'Challa, the superpowered new leader of the hidden, highly advanced African nation of Wakanda, strives to protect his home from enemies old and new.
action:When a number of Russian women are brutally murdered in Los Angeles, the police call on a Moscow detective to help track down the serial killer.
action:A hard-driving submarine captain is hired to steal gold from a sunken Nazi sub, but there's no honor among thieves during this underwater heist.
action:After discovering that their secret military prison is under attack by terrorists, a ragtag group of inmates does their best to neutralize the enemy.
drama:Lazarus finds Rae beaten and near death, and acts as a father figure to help redeem her. But before saving anyone, Lazarus must face his own demons.
drama:An old tragedy and lingering animosity erupt when a man returns to Patagonia to convince his estranged brother to sell the family's isolated property.
crime:A police chief and an eccentric new prosecutor investigate a string of grisly crimes and eerie phenomena in an isolated town at the edge of a forest.
action:In the dark, early days of a zombie apocalypse, complete strangers band together to find the strength they need to survive and get back to loved ones.
documentary:This fascinating documentary examines the life of performing killer whale Tilikum, who has caused the deaths of several people while in captivity.
documentary:Record-shattering Korean girl band BLACKPINK tell their story — and detail the hard-fought journey of the dreams and trials behind their meteoric rise.
other:Menaced by a psychopath who's got the local cops scared, waitress Lillian turns to a mysterious old logger to help her turn the tables on her stalker.
action:Inside a vast, self-replicating city bent on eliminating all life, mysterious loner Killy emerges to guide a remnant of humanity desperate to survive.
drama:An influential, if unsung country songwriter reflects on his career, and how the love of his life drove him to write his most personal music.
international:Featuring the boys of Johnny's West, a gang of zany transfer students are recruited for a mysterious mission ordained by their shadowy principal.
anime:After teenager Ichigo Kurosaki acquires superpowers from wounded soul reaper Rukia Kuchiki, the two of them join forces to round up lost souls.
action:When his mind is fogged by a scimitar-weilding stranger, Mayuri destroys his laboratory, unleashing a cloud of reishi that lays waste to the Seiretei.
action:When a group of vicious Sinners plots to escape from this eternal prison in Hell, they discover that Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo is the key to their freedom. The Sinners launch an attack and in the process kidnap Ichigo's younger sister.
drama:After a devastating injury derails his career, scrappy world champion boxer Vinny Pazienza determines to make an against-all-odds comeback.
comedy:After being wrongfully convicted of fraud, an honest man finds that life in prison comes with a measure of freedom that is unavailable outside.
comedy:A passionate pianist and a soulful puzzle maker who treasures silence aren't the best neighbors, but things get interesting when they start to date.
action:When a cop loses his vision, his detecting skills stay sharp. Luckily, a rookie officer recognizes his extraordinary powers of deduction.
other:Follow LA's wildly wealthy Asian and Asian American fun seekers as they go all out with fabulous parties, glamour and drama in this reality series.
children:Happy koala Blinky Bill and some spunky pals travel the Outback following clues to help him find his long-lost father and finally bring him home.
action:Caught between family pressures and small-time crime-fighting, a pair of bumbling cops tries to bust a massive drug deal and go down in history.
comedy:Dumped over a video he made to amuse his ailing dad, a heartsick Jérémy hatches an elaborate scheme to win back his superhero-loving girlfriend, Lola.
international:Condemned by a centuries-old vow to protect her kingdom's treasures, an embittered spirit returns to seek justice against the man who wronged her.
international:After crossing paths at a party, a Cape Town teen sets out to prove whether a private-school swimming star is her sister who was abducted at birth.
action:An ex-convict and estranged father finds the chance to prove himself when his daughter seeks his help shaking off a dangerous group of drug dealers.
drama:Ambitious Kunal takes a job in the diamond business, but his life is thrown into turmoil when he's drawn into the seedy underworld of his new career.
anime:"A commoner living in ancient Greece, Heron discovers his true heritage as a son of Zeus, and his purpose: to save the world from a demonic army."
crime:An ambitious TV reporter uses risky and ethically questionable methods to report on gang wars and police corruption in the Amazon port of Belém, Brazil.
drama:Family patriarch Elías begins to unravel after the death of his wife – which casts a suspicious light on her tragic accident.
drama:When the black sheep son of a respected family threatens to expose dark secrets from their past, sibling loyalties are put to the test.
international:The doomed passengers aboard a spectral bus head toward a gruesome, unknown destination in this deliciously macabre horror anthology series.
drama:Cocaine smuggler George rises from poverty to become one of the biggest drug dealers in America before his eventual downfall.
international:Ten master artists turn up the heat in glassblowing sculpture challenges for the chance to win $60,000 in prizes and the title of champion.
anime:Determined to throw off the curse of being Satan's illegitimate son, Rin enters the True Cross Academy to become an exorcist, just like his mentor.
drama:Determined to fall in love, 15-year-old Adele is focused on boys. But it's a blue-haired girl she meets on the street who really piques her interest.
comedy:The high life leads to high anxiety for a fashionable New York City homemaker in crisis who finds herself forced to live a more modest lifestyle.
drama:Two former high school sweethearts unexpectedly reunite in their old hometown, where they rediscover their magical bond and face a shared regret.
comedy:New NFL star Thad buys his old teammates' beloved frat house, renames it Thadland and throws the raunchiest, most debauched party in school history.
other:This sequel to the award-winning nature series Blue Planet dives beneath Earth's oceans to reveal the dazzling vistas and amazing creatures there.
other:Bad news from the past unhinges vagabond Dwight Evans, sending him on a mission of bloody retribution that takes him to his childhood hometown.
action:A jewel thief returns to his hiding place after a stint in jail — only to find that his diamond is buried under a newly constructed police station.
drama:As Cindy and Dean muddle through their languishing marriage, they hearken back to the golden days when life was filled with possibility and romance.
comedy:When his girlfriend learns the truth about his murky past, a con artist is forced to examine his choices and get to the root of his real identity.
documentary:Artists and industry insiders shed light on the commercial forces behind the veneer of genius and glamour that often shrouds contemporary art.
anime:Morphed into a raccoon beastman, Michiru seeks refuge, and answers, with the aid of wolf beastman Shirou inside the special zone of Anima-City.
documentary:Members of the Thai idol girl group BNK48 open up about their experiences beyond the spotlight, their training and the nature of fame.
other:Combining his trademark wit and self-deprecating humor with original music, Bo Burnham offers up his unique twist on life in this stand-up special.
comedy:Left brain and right brain duke it out – and ultimately belt out a melody – in stand-up comedian Bo Burnham's quick and clever one-man show.
children:Staying at home doesn't mean sitting still for energetic Bo and her little dragon friend Dezzy, who embark on amazing adventures through movement.
documentary:Decades ago, Bob Lazar blew the whistle on Area 51. Now he’s back to explain the alien tech he worked with, and the government's war to shut him up.
other:The Joy of Painting host Bob Ross brings his signature wet-on-wet style to a bevy of bucolic landscape paintings celebrating the beauty of nature.
children:An overly eager elf improves Santa's sleigh, but when he crash lands far from home, three odd critters pitch in to send him back to the North Pole.
documentary:This candid profile follows dancer Bobbi Jene Smith as she leaves the company of Israeli choreographer Ohad Naharin to forge her own artistic path.
children:A team of bobbleheads band together to defend their collector’s home when uninvited relatives barge in looking to steal from his prized collection.
other:Raj, the son of strict, wealthy parents, falls in love with Bobby, the daughter of a poor Christian fisherman – a romance his parents oppose.
comedy:With unlimited determination and zero field experience, a small-town detective accepts a lucrative case from a mysterious – and suspicious – stranger.
documentary:Historic footage and leading voices of the era examine the Bobby Phenomenon of the 1960s and the legacy of the man who helped redefine the country.
documentary:Explore the life and times of legendary soccer manager Bobby Robson, whose keen mind for the game was matched only by his devotion to his teams.
documentary:In 1981, an imprisoned Irish Republican Army soldier went on a hunger strike that galvanized his movement and made him a controversial global icon.
documentary:Players, fans and staff of soccer powerhouse Boca Juniors provide an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at Argentina's legendary club.
action:Irked by her bodyguard, an heiress invents a secret admirer to throw him off his duties, but the plan may backfire when she falls for him.
drama:An aspiring dancer accompanies her terminally ill mother on one last road trip that alternately strains and strengthens their knotty relationship.
drama:A young chauffeur who's at a crossroads in his life escorts a pair of clients around Barcelona and becomes embroiled in their mysterious quest.
comedy:Meet the most beloved sitcom horse of the '90s, 20 years later. He’s a curmudgeon with a heart of...not quite gold...but something like gold. Copper?
other:It's Christmas, and BoJack wants nothing to do with it. Then Todd shows up with a giant candy cane and an old Horsin' Around Christmas episode.
drama:After learning they are the sole survivors of an eerie apocalypse, a young American couple on vacation in Iceland ponder their love and the future.
international:This dramatization depicts the life – and loves – of Venezuelan Gen. Simón Bolívar, who helped liberate several Latin American countries from Spain.
comedy:A down-and-out Hollywood actor is utterly unprepared for the eccentricities that await when an Indian producer offers him a role in a Bollywood film.
children:This tale follows German shepherd Bolt, a canine actor who makes a cross-country trek when he's mistakenly shipped from Hollywood to New York City.
comedy:In this dark comedy, a dysfunctional group of wannabe Basque terrorists awaits word about a new mission while Spain makes a run at the World Cup title.
comedy:A PR agent trying to find her stolen phone, a politician in trouble, and a fading celebrity find their lives intertwining in unexpected, messy ways.
drama:A gay man deals with his sexuality, a struggling actor has an epiphany, a boy becomes a dancer, and a man tries to fulfill his father's dying wish.
drama:In 1985, when a vessel protesting nuclear testing is sunk in New Zealand, local police fight to prove it was a terrorist plot by their French allies.
documentary:An unearthed audio interview of Hollywood icon Hedy Lamarr reveals a woman with brains as well as beauty, who was the first to patent frequency hopping.
comedy:On the island of Curaçao, an amiable scam artist angers gangsters and flees to Holland, where his conscience is torn between a woman and a new scheme.
action:Two veteran buddy cops are back for a second chapter, this time to tackle a car theft ring that turns out to be much more than they bargained for.
action:An English-speaking officer from Toronto and a French-speaking cop from Montreal are forced to work together to solve a crime.
other:This reality series follows elite professional lifeguards on Sydney's Bondi Beach, as they take on everything from animal stings to criminals.
comedy:A New York City grad student moonlighting as a dominatrix enlists her gay BFF from high school to be her assistant.
action:Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow are young, in love and on the run during a bullet-riddled bank robbery spree across Depression-ravaged America.
international:A new couple, their exes and their children navigate the emotional challenges and tricky logistics of blended family life in this Swedish dramedy.
children:The world is a mystery to little Booba. But he approaches the curiosities around him with wonder, finding adventure in his everyday surroundings.
children:Celebrity readers share children's books by Black authors to spark kid-friendly conversations about empathy, equality, self-love and antiracism.
action:Following a fashion show mishap, three supermodels find themselves on the run from dangerous gangsters trying to recover a fortune in stolen diamonds.
other:This reality TV series follows the men and women of New Zealand's border patrol in their quest to keep their country safe and secure.
crime:This reality series chronicles the behind-the-scenes action as U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents safeguard the nation's crossings and ports.
other:A team of inept border agents tackles immigration issues at the fictional Northend Airport in this improvised mockumentary series.
crime:To protect his family, a police detective covers up a murder case. But when his partner suspects foul play, he is trapped in a dangerous game on duty.
crime:A gifted detective takes a job in a small town so he can spend more time with his family. But he's soon drawn into a web of disturbing murder cases.
international:A shocking turn of events puts Birgitte Nyborg in the Danish prime minister's seat as her country's first female leader in this landmark drama.
international:Left deeply in debt after their boss flees the country, four import company employees start producing online video content to keep themselves afloat.
comedy:After her best friend dies, Barbs attempts to rediscover herself until love leaves her true identity — and heart — in question.
documentary:This documentary focuses on the devastating violence of the Israel-Palestine conflict and its effects on the children of Gaza.
documentary:This intimate documentary follows a group of Syrian children refugees who narrowly escape a life of torment and integrate into a foreign land.
documentary:In this all-access pass, IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and his team navigate the risks on the road in the quest to win it all.
documentary:Four 400-pound giants fight for the crown at the Arnold Strongman Classic and offer a glimpse into their lives leading up to the competition.
documentary:Casting a light on the mistreatment of sea mammals, this documentary follows the plight of 18 Beluga whales kept in captivity for years.
action:Disowned by his father as a boy, Surya is taken in by a crime boss. When his brother Shiv is wrongly imprisoned, his father pleads for Surya's help.
drama:After 15 years in France, Kamal returns to his native Beirut and reassembles his dance crew, striving to modernize traditional Dabke routines.
other:From lifting saggy skin to repairing shoddy breast enhancements, plastic surgeons tackle extreme fixer-uppers.
other:The fun-loving Gumbles bounce and play while staying away from the foul-smelling Bottersnikes who live in a nearby junkyard.
drama:En route to a fresh start in Los Angeles, young couple Alex and Scarlett stop over in a sleepy Southwestern town that loosens their grip on reality.
international:A former mortal who is now the Kitchen God cooks up celestial turmoil when he impregnates and opens a restaurant with his beloved, reincarnated wife.
comedy:A former goalkeeper-turned-talent scout embarks on a mischievous adventure to recruit players for Egyptian football clubs.
children:Young Cuca leaves his idyllic village on a grand adventure to find his father, who has traveled to the city seeking work.
comedy:Single entrepreneur Veronica finally starts to believe in love after meeting sexy Lance, but she soon discovers he's hiding something from her.
international:When her son is kidnapped and later found traumatized, a lawyer takes justice into her own hands, causing events that spiral out of control.
action:The fourth film in the action franchise finds Boyka taking on brutal gangsters to protect the widow of a man he unintentionally killed in the ring.
international:Unassuming high school girl Jan-di stands up to – and eventually falls for – a spoiled rich kid who belongs to the school's most powerful clique.
comedy:Country music star Brad Paisley hosts a night of music and laughs with comics Nate Bargatze, John Heffron, Jon Reep, Sarah Tiana and Mike E. Winfield.
comedy:This homage to 1980s teen sex comedies follows a college quiz bowl champion who knows almost everything – except how to talk to women.
documentary:This interactive series uses games, illusions and experiments to illustrate how our brains manufacture our reality and often play tricks on us.
drama:Stricken with seizures, psychosis and memory loss, a young New York Post reporter visits doctor after doctor in search of an elusive diagnosis.
children:From germs and emotions to social media and more, it's the science of your world explained in a way that's refreshingly relatable.
drama:After 12 years in the minors, a struggling baseball player retires, returns home and faces the last person he struck out with – his ex-girlfriend.
children:When high school hierarchy divides four best friends into different cliques, the girls defy expectations and try to bring their groups together.
documentary:From reuse to energy generation, new innovations across five continents are explored in this documentary about building a future for sustainable water.
crime:Weeks before being named Miss World, Linor Abargil was raped. She tells the world her inspiring true story in this Emmy-nominated documentary.
comedy:Small-town residents mistake an Orson Welles radio broadcast for news about an alien invasion and are emboldened to act as they await an apocalypse.
action:A logger defends himself and his family from a group of murderous drug traffickers who have hidden a stash of heroin in his hunting cabin.
other:Songstress sisters Toni, Traci, Towanda, Trina and Tamar Braxton open up about their lives and their relationships — and reveal a few surprises.
children:In a town filled with food, Bread is a master cake decorator who gives life-changing makeovers that will put any customer in an amazing mood.
comedy:After a serious accident, Lucie tries to rediscover herself as a dancer and meets Vincent, a talented b-boy battling his own insecurities.
documentary:Soda Stereo, Café Tacvba, Aterciopelados and others figure in this 50-year history of Latin American rock through dictatorships, disasters and dissent.
comedy:Childhood friends Abhay and Aaliya experience plenty of obstacles in their paths as they find their way in the world and back to each other.
comedy:After their 99th breakup, a career woman and her carefree partner open a cafe where customers can put up souvenirs of past relationships.
documentary:Chef David Chang takes his insatiable curiosity about food, culture and identity on the road, in the convivial company of fun-loving celebrity guests.
crime:A high school chemistry teacher dying of cancer teams with a former student to secure his family's future by manufacturing and selling crystal meth.
documentary:One filmmaker’s quest to expose the human rights violations faced by India’s LGBTQ community was a project of passion seven years in the making.
comedy:Bank chairman Charles Bunbury – who knows next to nothing about banking – fights to save both his company and his marriage from disaster.
international:After losing her family in a suspicious car crash, a woman awakens from a 13-year coma determined to expose the truth about the long-ago tragedy.
drama:In mid-1970s Australia, two small-town teenage boys befriend an enigmatic middle-aged surfer, who urges them to see the thrill in facing their fears.
documentary:With humor and empathy, Brené Brown discusses what it takes to choose courage over comfort in a culture defined by scarcity, fear and uncertainty.
comedy:Two rival brothers must work together to keep their brewery in business, but shenanigans keep foaming up their company with chaos.
comedy:Brian Regan takes relatable family humor to new heights as he talks board games, underwear elastic and looking for hot dogs in all the wrong places.
other:Teenage loner Brendan Fry navigates his high school's intense social network to discover a killer's identity after his secret crush is murdered.
comedy:Rocco needs to hire a bride so he can access his trust fund. Rocky desperately needs a job. Their marriage starts out fake, but ends up as much more.
comedy:After failing to deliver for a demanding bride, a wedding planner makes a bold business move and throws the wedding of the year — for herself.
romance:The eight close-knit siblings of the Bridgerton family look for love and happiness in London high society. Inspired by Julia Quinn's bestselling novels.
comedy:Performing stand-up for a packed house in London's Hoxton Hall, comedian Bridget Christie dives into the politics of gender, sex and equality.
action:In an LA rife with interspecies tensions, a human cop and his orc partner stumble on a powerful object and become embroiled in a prophesied turf war.
other:Explore the hit songs from the Will Smith film Bright in these music videos from Machine Gun Kelly, Bastille, Logic, Migos and friends.
comedy:Faking his death to escape the realities of his uneventful life worked out well for Brij Mohan – until he was sentenced to death for his own murder.
international:A college student with psychic abilities takes in an amnesiac ghost as his roommate – who ends up helping him hunt down spooky spirits.
comedy:When cheerleading champs the Rebels are challenged by an edgy new squad, they take on teams from all over the world in a virtual cheer battle.
international:In this reality series, everyday individuals adopt healthier lifestyles and transform their bodies to reclaim their confidence – with dramatic results.
other:After a young boy is murdered in the small seaside town of Broadchurch, local detectives Ellie Miller and Alec Hardy are assigned the mysterious case.
documentary:This investigative docuseries shows how negligence and deceit in the production and marketing of popular consumer items can result in dire outcomes.
international:Ya-nuo's been raised as a boy. Now at age 25, she's caught the eye of a triad leader's sister. But what happens when she reveals her true gender?
drama:Three cops find themselves hurtling toward the same crime scene on one fatal night in this tense, edge-of your-seat thriller.
drama:Thrust from a violent home into a brutal custody center, a teenager learns to navigate a tough new reality and forge unlikely alliances to survive.
comedy:A robbery leaves a proprietor penniless before his wedding, but becoming a son-in-law to a second family might be the financial solution he needs.
drama:After serving time in jail, a disgraced son returns to the family business in New York, where he struggles to fill the shoes of his late twin brother.
crime:An honest lawyer reaches a moral crossroads after the cops force her to inform on her incarcerated brother, the leader of a rising criminal faction.
action:While tracking down a seditious painter, an imperial guard is accused of a royal assassination attempt and framed in a complicated conspiracy.
action:After a troubled past with their alcoholic father, two estranged brothers prepare to face each other again as rivals in a street fighting tournament.
comedy:An Indian American man living with his artistic wife and contentious father-in-law struggles to handle his household and a foundering IT company.
children:To keep pal Boots from being sent to a rival school with better athletics, prankster Bruno leads an epic campaign to build a pool at Macdonald Hall.
children:Fed up with weird dress codes and wacky punishments, the students of neighboring schools face off against two recently hired oddball authoritarians.
children:"The biggest troublemakers at Macdonald Hall are Bruno and Boots, who are caught and face an unthinkable punishment: separation into different dorms."
drama:After getting a heart transplant, a 40-year-old homemaker in Pune makes the life-changing decision to complete the bucket list of her 20-year-old donor.
comedy:Two best friends put their careers and marriages on the line when they launch a business hosting outrageous, anything-goes bachelor parties in Hungary.
international:In this historical drama series, young Prince Siddhartha undergoes an intense spiritual journey that eventually transforms him into the Buddha.
other:The Buddis bounce, spin, glide — and giggle! — through their magical world, learning new things and sharing the joy of friendship.
comedy:Inspired by the movie Thelma & Louise, three young people with Down syndrome leave the institution where they live to take a road trip together.
children:Follow the outrageous, high-octane adventures of Buddy Thunderstruck, a truck-racing dog who brings guts and good times to the town of Greasepit.
other:Champion truck-racing dog Buddy and his best friend, ferret mechanic Darnell, paw through the maybe pile and test out a bunch of crazy stunts.
drama:In this thought-provoking biopic, an idealistic judo trainer adopts a boy from the slums and grooms him into the world's youngest marathon runner.
action:Two Indonesian brothers learn the ways of the American cowboy before returning home to avenge the murder of their father.
documentary:A willing team of chefs and researchers goes on a gastronomic adventure around the globe to weigh the benefits of using bugs as a future food source.
horror:A child bride grows up to be an enigmatic woman presiding over her household, harboring a painful past as supernatural murders of men plague her village.
drama:Exploring their sexual identities in the face of the patriarchal rules of their Assamese village, a teenager and her two friends are rocked by tragedy.
international:After a daring heist, three fugitives lock themselves in a warehouse hoping to evade the police, but find a worse threat as they fight to stay alive.
action:A special agent abruptly reunites with a criminal – once a former friend – when he attempts to use his identity to infiltrate and take down a cartel.
other:When four college friends reunite for a bachelor party, their hunt for cash said to be hidden in Kentucky's backwoods leads to bloodshed and betrayal.
documentary:This eye-opening documentary tracks the stories of five different families whose children are struggling to defend themselves from school bullies.
comedy:When Jeff Ross and Dave Attell take the stage, no one is safe. With the help of special guests, they're packing a lot of laughs into one epic weekend.
children:The Ross siblings of Disney's hit series Jessie spend a summer full of fun and adventure at Maine's Camp Kikiwaka, where their parents first met.
children:A clever uncle-nephew duo solves mysteries, crimes and other problems for the citizens of a colorful town where something zany is always going down.
drama:After leaving Iowa with stars in her eyes, Ali arrives at a Los Angeles burlesque lounge with dreams of taking the stage with her soaring voice.
documentary:This revealing documentary probes the onstage personas of Portland, Oregon, burlesque performers who practice wildly different art forms.
action:When his son's mom runs afoul of Paris's criminal underworld, a thrill-seeking superbike racer begins moonlighting as a drug courier to clear her debt.
international:A secret marriage unites two families – one wealthy and traditional, the other bankrupt and modern – and is threatened by the resulting conflicts.
drama:An aspiring writer goes to the airport to pick up a high school friend returning from a trip to Africa but is disheartened to see her with another man.
drama:A small-town Louisiana minister and one of his parishioners cope with grief, alcoholism and a crisis of faith in this dramatic character study.
drama:Promising student Zurich opens his eyes to some hard truths when his fraternity's violent hazing escalates into a disastrous hell night.
other:This sketch series focuses on the eccentric characters in a small Scottish town, including bumbling cops, DJ Jesus and a disgruntled serial killer.
action:When their diverse neighborhood is besieged by a mysterious militia, a grad student and an ex-Marine become an unlikely team in a battle for survival.
crime:"Tackling different mysteries in each episode of this game show, seven sleuths get closer to solving the biggest one of all: What happened to Project D?"
other:On the run from authorities, a troubled man recalls the mysterious events – and the strange drifter – that inspired his unusual transformation.
other:Elizabeth Taylor won an Oscar as Gloria Wandrous, a stylish call girl who yearns to go straight, especially after she thinks she's found Mr. Right.
action:In a mazelike Manila slum, at war with incensed civilians and a brutal cartel, special agent Nina Manigan must fight her way through one fierce night.
drama:Gruff and alone, retiree Rene rejects most human contact but begins to soften when he comes to terms with his homosexuality.
drama:Troubled by the state of their marriage, Vanessa and Roland visit a French seaside town, where they have a fateful encounter with a pair of newlyweds.
comedy:In this satirical play, a wealthy Kuwaiti businessman travels to London for pleasure and encounters a host of eccentric characters.
comedy:A mother's plan to find her bachelor son a match derails when a new prospect turns up and sinister schemes unfold.
international:On the night his ex-lover mysteriously dies, a top fashion designer has a serious accident, raising questions on whether the incidents are linked.
action:To blow off some steam, friends Akshay, Joshi and Lambodar, posing as a gang called C Kkompany, make a phony extortion demand to Joshi's apathetic son. The trio is shocked when their prank call makes them anonymous celebrities.
drama:This historical drama explores the long and often volatile friendship of painter Paul Cézanne and writer Émile Zola, who first met as schoolboys.
horror:As a flesh-eating virus rips its way through a remote woodland cabin, the terrified teens vacationing inside wonder who'll fall victim next.
other:Engineer Dick Strawbridge and craftsman Will Hardie tour eight unique cabins built for a pop-up hotel in Wales, and construct No. 9 on their own.
international:In 1920s Madrid, four women at the National Telephone Company ring in revolution as they manage romance, friendship and the modern workplace.
horror:When a peculiar hotel dinner show draws crowds during a postapocalyptic famine, one family discovers they'll pay much more than the price of admission.
anime:Thirty years after a disease that turns the infected into carnivorous insects emerged, a young exterminator and a teenage girl search for her mother.
drama:After witnessing a child’s death during a violent clash, a former soccer player launches a youth team to help local kids avoid further bloodshed.
comedy:When Julia literally falls into Alejandro's backyard from her apartment above, it's just the jolt that's needed to nudge these two loners together.
international:Gifted doctor Cho-in leads a charmed life while his older brother Seon-woo seethes with jealousy in this series inspired by Biblical characters.
other:A Cairo newsstand vendor's fantasies morph into a dangerous fixation with a lemonade seller as a serial killer begins terrorizing the city.
comedy:When their aging father’s illness reunites two sisters under one roof, new tensions arise between them as old wounds and hidden secrets surface.
drama:Five calendar models try to navigate the twists and turns thrown in their path by the seductive and ruthless world of glamour.
drama:Two lifelong friends on a hunting trip in Scotland find their nerves – and their morals – ruthlessly tested after a harrowing turn of events.
children:The adorable residents of Sylvanian Village always have lots of fun with their friends and families!
children:From throwing parties to planning fashion shows, the Hopscotch Rabbit Family is ready to leap into the daily adventures of their sweet town.
children:"Freya heads into town with her mother for a very special occasion: a dress designed by her sister Stella is going to be in a fashion show!"
children:In the Hazelnut Chipmunk Family, Dominic is a little boy who loves to play, but a big moment will make him more grown-up on one memorable day.
children:Freya and her friends inspire the mayor to put on a competition at the fete to pick the loveliest thing in Sylvanian Village.
international:An impending ISIS attack on Sweden entangles a group of women, including a mother in a bind, a spirited student and an ambitious cop.
international:On his path to becoming Pope Francis, Father Jorge Bergoglio pursues his religious vocation in a country ravaged by a brutal military dictatorship.
international:At a top Paris talent firm, agents scramble to keep their star clients happy – and their business afloat – after an unexpected crisis.
other:This period drama set in impoverished East London in the 1950s follows a newly qualified midwife and her colleagues at a nursing convent.
documentary:Bodybuilder and two-time Mr. Universe, Calum von Moger, reflects on his rise to fame and battle to come back from a debilitating injury.
horror:After a look-alike takes over her account, a cam girl with a growing fan base sets out to identify the mysterious culprit and reclaim her own identity.
documentary:The extraordinary life and career of flamenco legend Camarón de la Isla is covered in this sweeping biography series.
documentary:This documentary looks back on the life of legendary flamenco singer Camarón, who went from humble roots to rock star status to a tragic early death.
crime:Inspired by the famous song Contrabando y Traición, Camelia, a beautiful girl from San Antonio, kills her lover and becomes a legendary drug runner.
comedy:With the digital revolution just around the corner, the employees of Bibideaux camera store strive to stay relevant amid unstoppable change.
children:A young boy attends summer camp, where he overcomes his fears, stands up to bullies and learns important lessons about faith and life.
documentary:Established during World War II, North America's first secret agent training school – known as Camp X – paved the way for present-day espionage.
drama:Fresh Army recruit Amy Cole is assigned to Guantanamo Bay's Camp X-Ray, where she forms a surprising bond with one of the prisoners in her charge.
international:On the cusp of marriage or divorce, four couples consider the meaning of love, sharing a life, meddling families and the weight of their commitment.
international:Three friends in a low-income neighborhood find humor and hope in their lives as they grapple with bad boyfriends and their dysfunctional families.
comedy:In Dublin, friends Aisling and Danielle must come to terms with adulthood when their millennial hijinks and hangovers begin to wear off.
comedy:At a wild high school graduation party, aspiring writer Preston hopes to declare his love to popular girl Amanda, who just got dumped by the class jock.
comedy:"Gab is eager to tie the knot with her handsome boyfriend, but there's a problem, and it's a doozy: She's already married to a total stranger."
comedy:Raised by a father to fraudulently act as one person, three identical brothers end up pining for the same woman as one triplet seeks psychiatric help.
children:Dueling high school debate champs who are at odds on just about everything forge ahead with ambitious plans to get into the colleges of their dreams.
international:When a wardrobe malfunction goes viral, a bubbly live streamer struggles to navigate her classmates' cruel judgment and the small town she lives in.
drama:On the incandescent shores of Goa, a young man tumbles down a mind-bending – and soon dangerous – series of trips after taking hallucinatory drugs.
other:Grad student Helen Lyle unintentionally summons the Candyman, a hook-handed creature made flesh by other people's belief in him.
crime:When a huge marijuana shipment falls prey to thieves, the aftermath touches players from all ranks of the drug trade between Morocco and Europe.
anime:Immortal renegade Philly the Kid and his transforming pink Cadillac join a relentlessly upbeat friendship droid on her quest to find a missing prince.
children:After a heartbreaking loss, a grandfather struggling to reclaim his passion for painting finds the inspiration to create again.
documentary:Based on economist Thomas Piketty's best-selling book, this documentary examines wealth accumulation and its looming social repercussions.
comedy:Richi is a director of commercials whose computer memory drive is accidentally switched with that of Sneha, a woman he soon falls in love with.
children:In this interactive special, Harold and George need your decision-making skills to stop Krupp from blowing their beloved treehouse to smithereens.
children:Christmas gets weird — really weird — after George and Harold go back in time to change up a few of their beloved holiday's traditions.
crime:This documentary series reconstructs history's most complex, high-stakes hostage negotiations as kidnapping victims recount their terrifying ordeals.
other:The colorful crew at Gotham Garage overhauls an eclectic collection of cars and trucks, trading up to a showstopper they can sell for big bucks.
drama:On the verge of losing his business, an entrepreneur launches a carbon tax scam that thrusts him into a web of criminals, intrigue and murder.
drama:A low-level drug dealer decides to move up the ranks of the illegal narcotics trade in Darndale, Dublin, putting him and his gang on a violent path.
anime:After a young girl breaks the seal of a magical book, releasing the spirits of the cards inside, she must become a Cardcaptor and retrieve them.
children:The whole huggable gang is back, bringing tales of caring and sharing to a new generation. And now the Care Bear Cousins are here to join the fun!
children:Nestled in a faraway cloud is a rainbow-colored world called Care-a-Lot, home to the magical Care Bears who each have a special talent.
comedy:From a schoolboy’s crush to a middle-aged bachelor’s office romance, four love stories spanning age, religion and status unfold in a small Indian town.
drama:Sarah leaves her son in the Philippines to reunite with her husband in London, where she struggles personally and professionally as a care-home worker.
comedy:Aboard a spaceship where souls of the deceased are readied for reincarnation, a lone crew member’s rigid existence is disrupted by a spry new assistant.
documentary:Mixing archival footage with interviews, this film celebrates one of Los Angeles's most influential painters and Chicano art activists from the 1970s.
comedy:Carlos Ballarta mocks daily life in Mexico, including public transit, the education system and the corn seller who betrays your confidence.
comedy:Mexican comic Carlos Ballarta mocks himself and points out the absurdities of parenthood and how he uses his wife's pregnancies to avoid commitments.
crime:A woman is found dead in her bathtub, with a puddle of blood nearby. Her husband theorizes she had an accident. But an autopsy tells a different story.
children:A master thief who uses her skills for good, Carmen Sandiego travels the world foiling V.I.L.E.'s evil plans – with help from her savvy sidekicks.
children:You drive the action in this interactive adventure, helping Carmen save Ivy and Zack when V.I.L.E. captures them during a heist in Shanghai.
drama:In the 1950s, a glamorous married woman and an aspiring photographer embark on a passionate, forbidden romance that will forever change their lives.
anime:Part-timer Carole meets rich girl Tuesday, and each realizes they've found the musical partner they need. Together, they just might make it.
other:An outcast teen with telekinetic ability lashes out with her deadly power when the high school in crowd torments her with a sick joke at the prom.
comedy:A socially awkward 19-year-old genius makes big plans to step out of her shell and make a friend, get a job and – maybe – even go on a date.
horror:As a lethal virus spreads globally, four friends seek a reputed plague-free haven. But while avoiding the infected, the travelers turn on one another.
comedy:Will Ferrell stars as a Spanish-speaking cowboy in this comedy about a Mexican clan trying to rescue their ranch from greedy creditors.
documentary:The rise and smash success of Elite modeling agency founder John Casablancas is chronicled in this biography of the man who invented the supermodel.
crime:A smart lawyer whose drinking and recklessness send him on a path of self-destruction finds new purpose investigating a teenager's apparent suicide.
horror:A naïve social worker brings a 10-year-old child into her home to rescue the girl from abusive parents – only to learn that she isn't what she seems.
anime:Turned into a young boy by a sinister potion, teen sleuth Conan helps solve baffling crimes while tracking down the nefarious agents who poisoned him.
action:Daniel Craig makes his debut as the newly minted agent 007, who's pitted against an infamous financier of global terrorism – at the poker table.
action:When Japanese troops invade Hong Kong, young Benny Ho flees to Macau and rises to the top of the city's casino business with pluck, diligence and wit.
action:Casino mogul Benny Ho wields enormous power. But a feud with his former partner and a massive fraud scheme soon threaten his family and his empire.
documentary:Local actors from JonBenet Ramsey's hometown offer multiple perspectives on her 1996 murder as they vie to play roles in a dramatization of the case.
international:A pair of high-powered, successful lawyers find themselves defending opposite interests of the justice system, causing a strain on their happy marriage.
international:As four couples with different lifestyles go through the ebbs and flows of joy and sorrow, each must learn how to live a good life.
anime:A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly beasts controlled by Dracula himself. Inspired by the classic video games.
other:Members of a Southern clan scramble to curry favor with a dying, wealthy patriarch in this adaptation of Tennessee Williams's sizzling stage drama.
drama:An FBI agent makes it his mission to put cunning con man Frank Abagnale Jr. behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture, he revels in the pursuit.
comedy:Amid growing tensions in their marriage, a Johannesburg professor and his journalist wife find their lives upended by a famous, hard-partying author.
documentary:This documentary explores the worldwide economics of the burgeoning solar energy industry and its impact on hopeful job seekers in the United States.
comedy:Two college frenemies whose lives aren't what they hoped meet up decades later and escalate their resentments from verbal jabs to bloody brawls.
international:In 14th-century Barcelona, a serf's determined climb to wealth and freedom incurs the disdain of the noble class and the suspicion of the Inquisition.
children:Cats and dogs must set aside their differences and merge animal instincts when Kitty Galore decides to claw her way to global domination.
documentary:This fun, charming documentary follows the exploits of some very feline-friendly folks as they strive to get their kitties crowned Canada’s top cat.
other:Nick Wallis presents crimes caught on CCTV, cell phones and other devices and reveals how investigators use the recordings to solve tough cases.
action:Torn between old camaraderie and recent tensions, three ex-soldiers reunite to explore a deadly cave but soon discover terror beyond all expectations.
comedy:Donning his signature suit and fedora, the dapper comic offers a unique spin on getting old, the presidential election and Honky Tonk Badonkadonk.
drama:A successful actress with an abusive husband confides in friends who have troubling relationship issues of their own.
anime:One newcomer red blood cell just wants to do her job. Between bacteria incursions and meeting a certain white blood cell, she's got a lot to learn!
documentary:This documentary chronicles the philosophy and life's work of archivist P.K. Nair, who made a mission of preserving Indian cinema’s rich history.
children:After bankruptcy, Abah and Emak must adapt to a new life with their children in a remote village.
drama:Vying for a spot in the American Ballet Company, 12 dance students are ready to push their bodies and minds to the limit to realize their dreams.
drama:A vulnerable singer is forced to choose between the girl he loves and another who has developed an unhealthy obsession with him.
drama:With a horde of enemy invaders bearing down, four sons of an illustrious Sikh guru lead a tiny but valiant army into a desperate fight for freedom.
comedy:After reaching his 40th birthday, an egotistical businessman kicks off his midlife crisis by deciding to secure a mistress.
comedy:Three petty criminals find themselves in a pickle when police wrongly charge them with the murder of an important politician.
comedy:After her fat-shaming husband brings home a new lover, a wife in Maharashtra recruits a group of women to challenge him in a kabaddi match.
comedy:When a secretary saves her tycoon boss's life, his family hears wedding bells. Problem is, she's already in love – with his younger brother.
comedy:Beautiful and adventurous doctor Resham meets a handsome Chinese backpacker named Adam while traveling with friends on a journey of self-discovery.
documentary:Engineers, officials and the crew members' families provide their perspective on the 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger disaster and its aftermath.
drama:Priya and Raj are polar opposites. Raj is brash and earthy, while Pirya is sophisticated and something of a perfectionist in all she does. They really are like oil and water, but nonetheless, they dare to fall in love.
comedy:A local shop becomes a hub for young men taken with the new neighbor. But as business booms, it may leave the equally smitten storeowner heartbroken.
comedy:A village schoolteacher and the ghost of a murdered man, who were both betrayed by those closest to them, join forces to help each other.
horror:Haunted by eerie visions and sinister impulses after a heart transplant, a teenager tries to unmask the truth behind her donor's mysterious death.
drama:While taking shelter from a Mumbai monsoon, an investment banker forms an unlikely connection with a naïve prostitute over the course of the night.
comedy:Years after getting his girlfriend pregnant, washed-up jock Vince meets his eccentric son Michael and learns about fatherhood, one show tune at a time.
comedy:Having risen from humble beginnings, an ambitious young man sets his sights on winning a major dance competition that could catapult him to fame.
documentary:A girl who wants to be an elephant driver like her father is given the chance to raise a calf and becomes even more determined when it's taken away.
drama:When a secretive woman breezes into a quiet town, her subdued neighbors get swept up in curiosity over her ethereal presence.
drama:Spanning the 1970s, ‘80s and ‘90s, this lyrical love story of two childhood neighbors plays out amidst a rapidly evolving Indonesia.
drama:Senator Ted Kennedy watches his future unravel in the wake of an infamous car crash as family and allies vie to protect his reputation.
action:In a futuristic society where a robot police force keeps crime at bay, a lone droid gains the power of artificial intelligence.
international:At Berlin's Charité hospital in 1888, Ida finds romance, a path to her dream job and an inside look into cures for tuberculosis and diphtheria.
international:In 1943, the staff at Berlin's Charité hospital struggle against the effects of World War II and the Nazi regime, including eugenic medical practices.
children:The eccentric Willy Wonka opens the doors of his candy factory to five lucky kids who learn the secrets behind his amazing confections.
action:Three beauties use their looks, charm and martial-arts training to kick butt on the trail of stolen software in this reboot of the classic TV series.
action:In this reboot of the TV classic, the Angels are tasked with finding lost rings encoded with the personal information of people in witness protection.
children:Charlie creates fun stories using different shapes, and he needs your help! Take off for adventures in outer space, the Wild West – and right at home.
children:Follow the adventures of Wilbur the pig, Templeton the rat and Charlotte the spider in this animated musical version of E.B. White's timeless story.
drama:After their mother’s tragic death, a trio of sisters bond over their newfound powers, vanquish demons and band together to defend their magical legacy.
children:On the eve of his 21st birthday, an adored prince must find his one, true soulmate before a spell takes away all love from his kingdom.
comedy:When pretty new neighbor Seema falls for their shy roommate Sid, jealous womanizers Omi and Jai plot to break up the new lovebirds.
comedy:When pretty new neighbor Seema falls for their shy roommate Sid, jealous womanizers Omi and Jai plot to break up the new lovebirds.
comedy:Comic book artist Holden meets the perfect woman, only to learn that she's a lesbian. But that doesn't stop him from falling in love with her.
other:Go behind the scenes with social media sensation Cameron Dallas as he takes his career to the next level on an international tour.
documentary:Divers, scientists and photographers around the world mount an epic underwater campaign to document the disappearance of coral reefs.
documentary:Adventurer Cyril Chauquet seeks out the most colossal and dangerous underwater creatures around the world in this adrenaline-packed series.
action:In corrupt, British-colonized Hong Kong, a mainland Chinese immigrant rises to the top of the city's drug underworld with the help of a notorious cop.
documentary:Featuring interviews, insights and archival footage, this documentary aims to reveal how historical events shaped the music of John Coltrane.
drama:The romanticized life of media mogul Assis Chateaubriand depicts him as the star of a televised trial, where his passions and achievements are judged.
drama:Related tales of a family seeking refuge and two men on a train to Amritsar evoke the dreadful unease surrounding Hindu-Sikh tensions in 1980s Punjab.
international:Couples on a tiny budget try to ensure that the day of their wedding turns out to be the magical experience they always dreamed it would be.
international:When a former shop owner grows bored of retirement, he buys a fish pond and manages the new hijinks in his life with a staff of quirky employees.
documentary:This gripping docuseries follows the ups and downs of Navarro College's competitive cheer squad as they work to win a coveted national title.
other:Follow the Great White Sharks, a world-champion cheerleading squad, as they juggle the pressures of training, school, work and relationships.
other:Sam Malone, an ex-baseball player turned bar owner, operates a saloon that's always filled with quirky customers and even more eccentric staff.
international:In this adaptation of a popular webtoon, a poor student trying to navigate college life gains the attention of a wealthy upperclassman with a dark side.
comedy:After igniting a Twitter war with a well-known culinary critic, a Los Angeles chef packs his knives, heads home to Miami and opens a food truck.
international:The best chefs of Korea go head-to-head to create impromptu dishes that feature ingredients found inside the guest stars' very own refrigerators.
documentary:In this Emmy-nominated docuseries, find out what's inside the kitchens and minds of the international culinary stars who are redefining gourmet food.
documentary:The Emmy-nominated series delves into the juicy, smoky world of barbecue, visiting acclaimed chefs and pitmasters in the US, Australia and Mexico.
documentary:Sample the bold new flavors of France with chefs who are pushing the boundaries of fine dining and reinventing a rich culinary tradition.
comedy:It's not her first talk show, but it is a first of its kind. Ideas, people and places that fascinate her, all in her unique style.
documentary:In a provocative documentary series, comedian Chelsea Handler confronts personal and cultural hang-ups around four topics that fascinate her.
comedy:In her first Netflix stand-up comedy special, Chelsea Handler recounts her African adventures (and provides hilarious photographic evidence).
comedy:Brooklyn Nine-Nine star Chelsea Peretti showcases her diverse talents in this dark yet silly reimagining of the comedy special.
action:What could have been a sad journey turns joyful for Rahul when he falls in love with a woman en route to submerging his grandfather's ashes.
horror:A group of kids takes an illegal tour through an abandoned city near Chernobyl, where mysterious humanoid forms begin to haunt their steps...
international:Writer and stand-up comedian Cheuk Wan-chi cracks wise at the follies of single womanhood and takes on politics in Hong Kong with nuance and flair.
other:Petty criminals, dodgy decorators, full-bore Glaswegians and oddball documentary presenters converge in this sketch show that parodies Scottish life.
other:The virginal Tracey, who was raised in a strictly religious Tower Hamlets flat, is ready to realize her potential. And the first step is having sex.
children:A brave, energetic little boy with superhuman powers leads his friends on exciting adventures to guard their fellow Dholakpur villagers from evil.
children:An evil demon who traded his freedom for immortality lures Chhota Bheem and his friends to the city of Sonapur with tales of hidden treasure.
other:Finally released after being trapped in an ancient book for centuries, a wicked warrior sets out to conquer Dholakpur – but not if Bheem can help it!
children:Bheem and King Indraverma travel to Rome for a trading venture, but when the king of a neighboring land attacks, can Bheem’s wile and wit save the day?
other:Trolls kidnap the king's daughters and overtake the kingdom of Messina. Can Bheem track them down and bring the princesses home?
children:From kung fu battles to run-ins with bandits, life in an empire far away from home is an endless adventure for Chhota Bheem and his buddies.
children:"Chhota Bheem is in China for a martial arts competition but his real challenge: to save the emperor’s daughter from being kidnapped by the villain Zuhu!"
international:A veterinarian and two writers have a mysterious connection to Korean independence fighters from the Japanese colonial period.
comedy:In the wake of his sister's marriage, a young middle-class man leaves his village and learns that supporting one's self is easier said than done.
children:No one believes Chicken Little when he tries to warn of an alien invasion – so it's up to him and his misfit friends to save the world!
documentary:Nine dads around America with different family structures, backgrounds and jobs navigate the joys and challenges of fatherhood.
children:The Fix-It Force makes a plan to hit every home as fast as they can, delivering Blunderberry Cakes before the town awakes to avoid a holiday disaster.
children:Armed with tools and engineering smarts, monkey mechanic Chico Bon Bon and his Fix-It Force help the people of Blunderburg solve all of their problems.
comedy:When a wealthy patriarch unexpectedly drops dead, his money-crazed family, friends and staff scramble for his billionaire fortune.
international:As a chief of staff in the National Assembly, Jang Tae-jun influences power behind the scenes while pursuing his own ambitions to rise to the top.
other:When a rash of murders unfolds, 6-year-old Andy knows that his toy doll Chucky is the killer, but neither his mom nor the cops believe him.
international:Amid crime and corruption, the lives of two couples intertwine as unexpected events soon reveal their dark secrets and tainted pasts.
documentary:A former member examines the lingering effects of being raised in the Family, a cult whose disturbing practices include the sexual abuse of children.
anime:Ruka spends her summer at the aquarium, where she’s drawn into an enigmatic aquatic event alongside two mysterious boys raised in the ocean.
anime:As a magic wielder, young archivist Chakuro knows his time is short, but everything changes when a girl from the outside appears on his island.
other:Iconic artist and master of relaxation Bob Ross demonstrates the process of creating wintry scenes in these episodes dedicated to the season.
children:Eight feisty boys befriend young drifter Fatka. When a mean politician threatens Fatka's way of life, the boys band together in honor of their pal.
horror:"Magic and mischief collide as half-human, half-witch Sabrina navigates between two worlds: mortal teen life and her family's legacy, the Church of Night."
action:A Chinese engineer travels to a war-torn African country to rebuild its telecommunications but instead finds massive corruption and explosive danger.
comedy:On point and larger than life, rapper and stand-up comic Chingo Bling gathers his funniest friends for a rambunctious take on Tex-Mex culture.
children:Lovable pug Chip starts kindergarten, makes new friends and tries new things – with a little help from Potato, her secret mouse pal.
comedy:At midnight on his 10th birthday, a boy scours the lesser-known Kolkata streets in search of a father he’s never met, carrying a letter he can’t read.
drama:In the turbulent 1930s of British colonial India, a teenager joins a ragtag army of schoolboys determined to overthrow their foreign conquerors.
children:Quirky inventor Caractacus Potts and his family travel in their magical flying car to Vulgaria, a kingdom strangely devoid of children.
other:Suspecting her husband of infidelity, Catherine hires sexy Chloe to test his faithfulness. Soon, the relationships between all three intensify.
international:Brought together by meaningful meals in the past and present, a doctor and a chef are reacquainted when they begin working at a hospice ward.
drama:The exotic dancers from Chocolate City get back together for a trip to Las Vegas and a chance at $500,000 in prize money.
drama:A bank employee weighed down by her jobless husband's debts — and her own broken dreams — finds a secret source of seemingly unlimited cash in her home.
comedy:A gifted but insecure woman embarks on a transformative journey when she enlists an enigmatic con man to recover her stolen car from an eccentric thug.
crime:When a mysterious box arrives at his door, a doctor and father is forced to participate in a twisted killing game, or risk losing everything.
documentary:Featuring interviews, concert footage and behind-the-scenes access, this documentary delivers fans an all-access look at the life of Chris Brown.
comedy:Stand-up comedian Chris D'Elia covers everything from how to improve the NFL to why dating is evil and that babies should grow up before they're born.
comedy:Unbridled comic Chris D'Elia reconsiders his approach to major life events like marriage, not having kids and buying pants for your friends.
comedy:Chris D'Elia takes the stage in Minneapolis to offer his thoughts on everything from self-censorship to problematic dolphins to lame mutant powers.
comedy:In this extended cut of his 2018 special, Chris Rock takes the stage for a special filled with searing observations on fatherhood, infidelity and politics.
comedy:Chris Rock takes the stage in Brooklyn for a comedy special filled with searing observations on fatherhood, infidelity and American politics.
comedy:Filmed in his hometown of Atlanta, Chris Tucker showcases his stand-up comedic chops as he shares his experiences from childhood to the big time.
comedy:A career woman who has everything but romance finds her values challenged when she starts dating a good man she met on a Christian matchmaking site.
documentary:A contextual, acculturated dive into how adults in six, big global cities celebrate love and accentuate sex. CNN's Christiane Amanpour reports.
comedy:Christina Pazsitzky hits Seattle with a biting dose of reality, telling truths about her childhood, getting older and the horrors of giving birth.
drama:In a film based on true events, an awkward but ambitious TV reporter struggles to adapt when she's ordered to focus on violent and salacious stories.
children:Stranded at school before holiday break, a precocious girl gets into the spirit of saving when a trio of robbers trespass and hold the janitor hostage.
comedy:A man foils an attempted murder, then flees the crew of would-be killers along with their intended target as a woman he's just met tries to find him.
comedy:Twentysomething Georgia pines for her old boyfriend and is thrilled to have a second chance at love when she attends their high school reunion.
drama:Two girls realize they're both visiting grandparents they’ve never met and decide to switch places to see how the other half lives.
children:In the Smoky Mountains, an ambitious woman works to save her family's historic berry farm as her ex, a country music star, returns to town.
drama:To inherit her father's company, socialite Ellen must first visit his small hometown, where she learns the value of hard work and helping others.
comedy:With Christmas just around the corner, sisters Miranda and Lyla bring their families to their childhood home, where rivalries don't take a holiday.
comedy:A wedding planner’s world is turned upside down when a handsome private investigator is hired to disrupt one of her biggest jobs.
comedy:A dedicated pediatrician reconsiders her feelings for a carefree prince as he secretly recovers from a ski accident alongside her young patients.
international:Still reeling from a business failure, the restaurant manager of a ski resort finds her world jolted by a new chef, who has his own hidden past.
children:When Luther Krank and his wife opt to skip Christmas – no tree and no rooftop Frosty – can they handle the fallout from their family and neighbors?
children:Now a careworn middle-aged man, Christopher Robin goes on a familiar adventure when his old pal Winnie the Pooh brings him to the Hundred Acre Wood.
comedy:A case of writer’s block inspires a young novelist to return home to New York City and reconnect with his engaged ex and his bohemian parents.
drama:Soccer goalie Claudio Tamburrini is kidnapped by the Argentine military. Several months later, he joins other prisoners in planning a daring escape.
children:This educational series for tiny tots features a toe-tapping spin on nursery rhymes with upbeat tunes and a diverse set of easy-to-follow lessons.
children:This educational series for tiny tots features a toe-tapping spin on nursery rhymes with upbeat tunes and a diverse set of easy-to-follow lessons.
children:ChuChu teaches some bullies a lesson, Cussly learns the value of teamwork and ChaCha realizes there’s more to playtime than TV and video games.
children:In this collection of stories, ChuChu and her pals meet a man in need, Chiku must change a bad habit and ChaCha gets a lesson in management.
children:From colors and letters to animals of all kinds, each egg holds a fun-filled lesson waiting to be learned. ChuChu and friends are opening them all!
children:Magic elephant Mr. Harlo uses playtime to help the children discover various surprises hidden inside colorful eggs.
children:On the island of Rocky Perch, security company owner Chuck Adoodledoo and his friends provide kung fu-style protection for their fellow bird citizens.
comedy:Mistaking a broke, small-time hustler for a millionaire, two bumbling fishermen hatch a scheme to use him to help pay off their debts.
comedy:The lives of five hapless, petty criminals careen into madcap disarray when their plan to abduct a wealthy minister’s son goes horribly wrong.
other:Jealous of the high regard in which his new wife holds their brother-in-law, a botany professor stages an elaborate prank that will even the score.
other:In this history-steeped reality series, 14 contestants undergo the same rigorous four-day selection process as Britain's top-secret World War II spies.
action:A young man in Kerala has two weeks to stop the woman he loves from a fixed marriage in the U.S., but he doesn't have the papers to get there.
comedy:A matriarch and her grandson forge a special bond during family picnics every two months, until her health causes a conflict among the relatives.
international:Catching the eye of a wealthy gentleman, spunky Ha-won gets hired to live with his three immature grandsons so she can whip them into shape.
international:Two female friends, each with confidence issues, help each other search for true love and deal with their romantic rivals.
international:Dedicated engineering student Iris succumbs to love and marries, but fate holds both tragedies and triumphs for her personal and professional life.
international:A wedding planner and an ex-Marine both have been unlucky in love. But a chance meeting and a spat over a parking space soon change all that.
international:When a young man determines to discover his father's true identity, he faces unexpected realizations that shake his sense of self.
drama:When a group of strangers is seized and awaits execution, they face the impossible task of choosing the one person among them worthy of being spared.
documentary:For decades, a nice Jewish couple ran Circus of Books, a porn shop and epicenter for gay LA. Their director daughter documents their life and times.
action:When Darren Shan is taken to a circus that's chock-full of sideshow oddities, he meets a vampire and receives a life-changing bite on the neck.
drama:A bright student in Nigeria takes on the academic establishment when she reports a popular professor who tried to rape her. Based on real events.
drama:In a dystopian tale unfolding in reverse chronology, a man with a complicated past takes revenge on the individuals who wronged him decades ago.
other:This series explores the magnitude and scale of modern air travel, and the challenges faced by those responsible for its smooth functioning.
drama:Growing up in a Rio de Janeiro slum, Rocket is able to avoid being drawn into a life of drugs and crime by having a passion for photography.
documentary:A decade after the seminal Brazilian film City of God, this documentary reunites some of the cast and crew to find out what paths their lives took.
documentary:Women who've been sexually brutalized in war-torn Congo begin to heal at City of Joy, a center that helps them regain a sense of self and empowerment.
drama:In moody London, a burned-out sleuth sinks into a world of corruption and murderous romance when he tackles a mysterious case of a missing sex worker.
other:Expanding Kenneth Clark's 1969 Civilisation series for a new generation, this reboot explores the art of cultures around the world, throughout time.
drama:While examining a young woman who has just murdered her husband and mother-in-law, a psychiatrist begins to reflect on her own marriage.
anime:Maladjusted high school student Tomoya's life begins to change when he befriends his classmate Nagisa and several other eccentric girls.
documentary:This intimate documentary follows the life of legendary saxophonist Clarence Clemons and his spiritual awakening before his death in 2011.
action:If he is to save the life of the beautiful Princess Andromeda, the valiant Perseus must battle a host of powerful, beastly enemies.
drama:As the Civil War looms, a runaway slave seeks freedom, and West Point cadets find their camaraderie shattered as they choose between North or South.
drama:Demoted to an academy job, a cop trains five foolhardy students as assassins in his risky revenge plot against police corruption and the underworld.
comedy:When her class rank threatens her college plans, an ambitious teen convinces a nerdy peer to run for the school board to abolish the ranking system.
documentary:This documentary series explores the glamour of Bollywood through the stories of the men and women who have illuminated its screens.
children:Spirited sister-brother duo Cleo and Cuquín try on different professions each day to help their other siblings solve problems and enjoy new adventures.
action:A stylin' special agent chases down drug lords and does her part to stop trafficking. Soon, she finds herself seeking revenge on a dealer.
drama:In the near future, physically powerful beings known as Hairies struggle to survive in a segregated society dominated by hostile humans.
comedy:Overworked Michael Newman stumbles on a universal remote control that gives him the power to pause or fast-forward through scenes in his life.
other:Crime journalist Donal MacIntyre reveals how deadly the internet can be as he dissects the technological methods behind heinous acts.
horror:A psychiatrist is plagued by flashbacks to a terrifying attack as she treats a new patient who was horribly disfigured in an accident.
documentary:This music-driven documentary charts Clive Davis' 50-year career as one of the world's most influential record moguls.
action:When attackers target the heiress she's protecting, battle-hardened bodyguard Sam scrambles to save her client – and teach her how to fight back.
drama:After an ambush leaves his partner dead, drug dealer Manuel reluctantly teams up with childhood friend Driss – now a cop – to hunt down the culprits.
crime:While vacationing at a mountain cabin, a group of longtime friends uncovers an old scandal that could have deadly consequences.
drama:Martin and Claudia, top-flight lawyers who happen to be former lovers, become targets when they're teamed up to defend a notorious terrorist.
action:In this star-studded drama, six seemingly disparate stories explore the complicated links that humanity shares through the generations.
drama:A middle-aged actress is cast in a film adaptation of the play that made her famous 20 years earlier, but in a much less glamorous role.
children:When inventor Flint Lockwood makes clouds rain food, the citizens of Chewandswallow can feed themselves. But a bowl of disaster is about to overflow.
children:Inventor Flint Lockwood battles mutant food beasts created by his notorious machine, including shrimpanzees, tacodiles and jellyfish sandwiches.
action:A going-away party in Manhattan is interrupted when a mysterious monster of epic proportions launches an attack on New York City.
other:Former Club de Cuervos player Potro returns home to Argentina to crash the wedding of his famous soccer-star brother and confront his estranged family.
international:Chava Iglesias's doting personal assistant Hugo Sánchez is tasked with leading Club de Cuervos to victory in Nicaragua – if only his mom will let him.
international:Based on a Thai radio show that gives love advice to callers, this series dramatizes stories of infidelity, love triangles, sexual identity and more.
international:More confessional tales of love and heartbreak play out in this next installment of the popular Thai TV series based on a real-life call-in radio show.
international:The eighth installment of this popular Thai series, based on a real-life call-in radio show, dramatizes personal stories of romance and heartbreak.
international:A love triangle spirals out of control, wreaking havoc on a couple's relationship and a friendship between two women.
international:A change in sexual identity complicates young Meen's relationships, while memories of a past romance remain fresh.
international:Two young lovers vow to stay friends through thick and thin, but separation tests their bond until fate allows them to reunite.
international:A brother and sister battle high expectations and each other after inheriting a soccer team. A series from the creators of “Nosotros los Nobles.”
drama:Controversial basketball coach Ken Carter puts school before sports and benches his undefeated high school team for poor academic performance.
documentary:Fueled by his own rough upbringing, Snoop Dogg creates a youth football league to keep at-risk kids off the streets and focused on their goals.
action:Decades after the tournament that changed their lives, the rivalry between Johnny and Daniel reignites in this sequel to the Karate Kid films.
other:Three films chronicle the cocaine trade's sweeping impact on the citizens of Peru, Brazil and Colombia, from poor farmers to powerful drug lords.
crime:In 1980s Galicia, Spain, a young fisherman becomes a prosperous cocaine smuggler by providing Latin American suppliers with a European entry point.
comedy:A study in contrasts, comedy partners and good friends Coco Celis and Raúl Meneses alternate separate stand-up sets for double the laughs.
children:Learn letters, numbers, animal sounds and more with J.J. in this edutaining series that brings fun times with nursery rhymes for the whole family!
children:What's in your fridge? In sunny Refrigerator Land, everyday ingredients transform into animal friends who love a good adventure.
action:In a city where super-powered people are ostracized, an earnest day laborer considers using his outlawed abilities for money to save his sick mother.
anime:A high-schooler who's granted powers to make anyone instantly obedient dons a mask to lead Japan's rebellion against a long-invading Britannia.
children:After discovering a parallel universe hidden inside a supercomputer, four students must stop a renegade virus from destroying the secret world.
action:A mild-mannered janitor duped into believing he's an undercover agent stumbles into an international arms ring plot involving the CIA and the FBI.
action:An inept Detroit cop must team up with his girlfriend's foul-mouthed young son when their first crack at bonding time uncovers a criminal conspiracy.
documentary:In Naples, Buenos Aires and New York, people reflect on the Neapolitan tradition of suspended coffee and how it changed their lives.
comedy:Low TV ratings drive a well-known journalist to concoct a plan to interview a notorious underworld figure who is also a suspected terrorist.
children:When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint.
crime:Masterful detectives utilize forensic science and criminal psychology to re-examine long-standing cases.
crime:Through forensic science and criminal psychology, an elite breed of detectives reexamine long-unsolved crimes to deliver justice and the truth.
drama:At a resort getaway, the fate of two couples collides when a wife unexpectedly runs into an old flame as he hesitates to propose to his girlfriend.
action:When a war breaks out between competing gangs of smugglers in Cape Town, South Africa, an honest cop is pressured to work for a powerful crime lord.
comedy:Stand-up comedian Colin Quinn calls out the hypocrisies of the left and the right in this special based on his politically charged Off-Broadway show.
comedy:The SNL veteran performs his off-Broadway show about the history of New York and the people who shape its personality. Directed by Jerry Seinfeld.
comedy:New York comedian Colin Quinn writes and stars in this live one-man stage show that dissects and deconstructs U.S. constitutional history.
comedy:When Christopher Columbus mysteriously appears in modern-day Kolkata, India, two struggling young men look to him for advice on achieving success.
other:Investigating the murder of a pizza delivery man, a London detective uncovers a tangled conspiracy involving drug dealers, smugglers and spies.
international:Three best friends look for love, laughs and some lifelong memories while attending college together.
drama:When her boyfriend is caught up in a Chilean coup, a young woman tries to free him from a prison camp posing as a commune by joining it voluntarily.
action:When LA is invaded by outside forces and becomes a walled-in settlement, a former FBI agent and his wife risk everything to find their lost son.
international:Two women at a cosmetics company compete for love and success. One uses her brain and diligence, while the other works her beauty and charm.
drama:Seeking inspiration, a young 19th-century painter finds a woman who is his love, his muse and his willing subject, but his work becomes controversial.
drama:When his photographer girlfriend vanishes, an L.A. graphic designer starts his own investigation and uncovers a web of deceit, crime and corruption.
drama:A crisis of faith sets renowned fundamentalist preacher Carlton Pearson on a new spiritual path that jeopardizes everything he holds dear.
comedy:Jerry Seinfeld's roving talk show combines coffee, laughs and vintage cars into quirky, caffeine-fueled adventures with the sharpest minds in comedy.
comedy:This global stand-up comedy series features a diverse set of comics from 13 regions bringing their perspectives on what's funny around the world.
comedy:Scott Aukerman brings his popular podcast Comedy Bang! Bang! to television, along with his co-host and bandleader, Reggie Watts.
international:Featuring goofy sketches and celebrity appearances, this offbeat stage show follows an assortment of oddball characters at an eccentric high school.
documentary:Chronicling a 1980 Titan II missile accident, this sobering documentary weighs the balance of power and safety involving weapons of mass destruction.
comedy:When his degree is found bogus, lawyer Jeff Winger is sent back to college, where he meets students and teachers with credentials as dubious as his.
comedy:To earn his place in heaven, legendary Mexican actor-singer Pedro Infante is sent back to Earth in an impersonator's body to mend his womanizing ways.
action:Following a misunderstanding, a gangster and his boss part ways and become bitter enemies – with devastating consequences.
drama:Lured to a majestic, remote villa by an old lover, an erotic novelist finds herself falling for a mysterious woman and descending into a moral abyss.
documentary:Late-night talk show host Conan O'Brien hits the road in this special that brings him and his sense of humor to far-flung destinations.
documentary:The development of professional soccer worldwide owes a great debt to the soccer – or football – that is played on the streets of France.
drama:A lesbian housewife, feeling trapped in a stale marriage, begins visiting female prostitutes and soon seeks excitement by becoming a sex worker.
horror:In the wake of her husband's betrayal, a novelist and mother moves to an old building, where she receives a music box and encounters a strange spirit.
documentary:Science journalist Latif Nasser investigates the surprising and intricate ways in which we are connected to each other, the world and the universe.
documentary:From making ends meet to lavish rides and fur coats, the Irish MMA champion grants an all-access pass to the highs – and lows – of his ascent.
drama:Secrets bubble to the surface after a sensual encounter and an unforeseen crime entangle two friends and a woman caught between them.
drama:Secrets bubble to the surface after a sensual encounter and an unforeseen crime entangle two friends and a woman caught between them.
other:Skeptics and others discuss widely held conspiracy theories involving aliens, government cover-ups, secret assassinations and other intrigues.
drama:When a ferocious contagion sweeps through Atlanta, authorities impose a precarious quarantine on the city while scrambling to find a cure.
action:Following the death of his wife and daughter in a terrorist attack, an ex-Indian army commando agrees to infiltrate a terrorist cell.
international:When a hacker begins releasing students' secrets to the entire high school, the socially isolated but observant Sofía works to uncover his/her identity.
crime:Present-day interviews, archival footage and audio recordings made on death row form a searing portrait of notorious serial killer Ted Bundy.
drama:Sentenced to death for committing rape, a convict navigates his final trying days alongside his allies and enemies in prison.
comedy:Yearning for a better life, a single mother with a passion for cooking gets a shot at greatness when her son enters her into a top reality cooking show.
documentary:As he tries his hand at baking, brewing and braising, acclaimed food writer Michael Pollan explores how cooking transforms food and shapes our world.
other:Chefs compete to get the hosts and special guests high on elevated cannabis cuisine with their artful use of leafy herb, THC infusions and CBD sauces.
other:In the first-ever competitive cannabis cooking show, two chefs prepare mouthwatering marijuana-infused dishes for a panel of very chill celeb judges.
other:Luke Jackson likes to do things his own way, which leads to a world of hurt when he ends up in a prison camp – and on the wrong side of its warden.
children:A world-weary detective is forced to team up with a 12-year-old who thinks she's a cop in order to solve a case that's baffled police.
other:Two mischievous boys get thrust into a game of cat and mouse with a murderous psychopath after they decide to steal a police officer’s cruiser.
documentary:Explore the stories of the citizens who seek to deter police brutality by observing and videotaping arrests made by the New York Police Department.
drama:Animation and activism unite in this multimedia spoken-word response to police brutality and racial injustice.
children:Curious young Coraline unlocks a door in her family's home and is transported to a universe that strangely resembles her own – only better.
documentary:In 2020, the world changed. This topical series examines the coronavirus pandemic, the efforts to combat it and ways to manage its mental health toll.
drama:Despondent on a desolate island, a suicidal sheep is thrown a lifeline by a quirky salesman, who offers him the gift of a lifetime.
documentary:Through rare interviews, images and wiretap audio, this documentary reconstructs the last nine years of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar's life.
drama:Two teenagers print counterfeit money in their high school art room, but things go terribly wrong when their debt-ridden teacher becomes suspicious.
documentary:As boxing's popularity wanes, three fighters at different stages of their career make sacrifices to pursue their dreams of becoming champions.
other:Country artist Coffey Anderson and his wife, hip-hop dancer Criscilla, juggle family life, career goals and tests of faith in this reality series.
drama:Three couples, each in different phases of romance, head to Ibadan for a fun and frisky holiday. But secrets soon spill, causing trouble in paradise.
comedy:A seasoned couples therapist comes to realize she might need help with her own marriage after meeting a new pair of young clients.
crime:In a bustling local court in Sydney, 12 magistrates preside over different levels of criminal offenses and deliver life-changing verdicts.
documentary:Christian musician Israel Houghton leads his band Israel & New Breed on a tour supporting their newest album of multicultural, hybrid-genre songs.
documentary:Learn how factory farming is decimating the planet's natural resources – and why this crisis has been largely ignored by major environmental groups.
documentary:A cheap, powerful drug emerges during a recession, igniting a moral panic fueled by racism. Explore the complex history of crack in the 1980s.
documentary:Saturday Night Live star Darrell Hammond reveals the extreme abuse he suffered during childhood, a trauma that nearly destroyed his life as an adult.
comedy:Cheeky comic Craig Ferguson keeps it casual as he discusses '70s porn, Japanese toilets and his mildly crime-filled days as a talk show host.
drama:In post-Sept. 11 Los Angeles, tensions erupt when the lives of people from all walks of life converge during a 36-hour period.
international:A paragliding mishap drops a South Korean heiress in North Korea – and into the life of an army officer, who decides he will help her hide.
other:In exchange for low rent, a hodgepodge group of 20-something tenants set up residence as property guards in a disused hospital, where hilarity ensues.
comedy:When staff salaries get stolen at his school, a reluctant new teacher sets out to recoup the money and soon discovers the joys of teaching.
comedy:A rebellious daughter accompanies her mother on a medical mission where she falls for the handsome politician's son assigned to be her chaperone.
other:In this competition show, daring home chefs tempt the food gods with reinvented classics and fanciful feasts in their quest to win a golden apple.
romance:Still pining for Josh, the boy who dumped her ages ago, whip-smart lawyer Rebecca jettisons her New York life and moves to California to win him back.
comedy:Nollywood star Ramsey Nouah learns that someone is impersonating him and breaks out of a mental institution to expose the imposter.
international:For a group of charismatic undergraduates, the jolting revelations from a campus blog turn surviving university life into a serious matter.
other:Bowling alley worker Amy and nonconformist Raquel kick some serious demon butt while also facing their inner demons as they navigate their early 20s.
comedy:At odds with his radical instructor's ruthless methods, a drama student assembles his own troupe of misfit actors ahead of a prestigious competition.
documentary:A fascinating character. Exquisite sets. A wig for every era. The stars, creators and crew reveal how the hit series about a chess prodigy came to life.
children:Two brilliant scientists discover the hidden virtual city of Creápolis, where citizens have the power to solve problems by believing and creating.
horror:When a cash-strapped videographer takes a job in a remote mountain town, he finds that the client has some unsettling ideas in mind.
horror:A video artist finds the perfect character for a sensational piece, but the subject of her dreams soon reveals his insidious side.
other:A masked figure known as The Curious collects tales of dark magic, otherworldly encounters and twisted technology in this kids anthology series.
documentary:Follow Indian Premier League champions Mumbai Indians through the 2018 season in this series featuring insider insights and intense cricket action.
crime:After going to a Halloween party, college student Luis Andrés Colmenares is found dead. Was it an accident or murder? Inspired by true events.
crime:In 1994, Mexican presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio's assassination sends his dying widow racing to uncover who did it. Based on true events.
crime:Born into poverty and trapped in a grim job as a cop in the favelas, a wannabe actor forges a bloody path to celebrity and wealth. Based on true events.
crime:This intense police procedural follows a group of extraordinary FBI profilers who spend their days getting into the minds of psychopathic criminals.
crime:Secrets emerge and entire cases unravel inside a police interview room in Paris, where suspects and investigators face off in an intricate dance.
crime:In the interview room, detectives go head-to-head with suspects and try to get to the truth – even if it means breaking the rules and risking it all.
crime:Psychological games abound between detectives and suspects in a tense interrogation room, where the search for answers sometimes comes at a moral cost.
other:Within the walls of an interrogation room and with time running out, London investigators go after three suspects, each accused of a grievous crime.
documentary:A groundbreaking summer camp galvanizes a group of teens with disabilities to help build a movement, forging a new path toward greater equality.
comedy:The irrepressible Alonzo skewers Latino stereotypes, pricey luxuries and her mother's tough-love parenting in a night of sly and infectious comedy.
documentary:In this short documentary, 37-year-old Cristina valiantly battles cancer while doing all she can to encourage others to live in the moment.
drama:In Kuala Lumpur, an abused domestic worker tries to escape to Indonesia, while an idealistic cop insists on fighting corruption  – at a heavy price.
action:A young woman in ancient China longs for an adventurous life rather than a dull arranged marriage in Ang Lee's Oscar-winning martial arts epic.
action:Renowned warrior Yu Shu-Lien comes out of retirement to keep the legendary Green Destiny sword away from villainous warlord Hades Dai.
documentary:Emmy-winning filmmaker Jon Alpert chronicles the fortunes of three Cuban families over the course of four tumultuous decades in the nation's history.
other:Rachel shocks her proper British parents when she marries an American hippie, but it's just the first in a series of surprises for the family.
drama:When a seasoned sex worker sleeps with a rookie call boy, they soon find that a strictly physical relationship doesn't completely satisfy them.
horror:Following a string of murders in the asylum where she's confined, Nica Pierce begins to wonder whether Chucky is real after all.
documentary:An in-depth look at the full-cycle breeding program for bluefin Kindai tuna pioneered by Kinki University’s Aqua Culture Research Institute.
children:An enterprising cupcake and his cheerful dinosaur brother take on jobs of all sorts as they work to help friends and strangers in their eccentric city.
international:After 17 years, a woman returns home with her teenage twins. When she mysteriously vanishes, her children must reckon with a shadowy family legacy.
action:Armed with mysterious powers and a legendary sword, young rebel Nimue joins forces with charming mercenary Arthur on a mission to save her people.
drama:Driven and arrogant, film director Michael Curtiz deals with studio politics and family drama during the troubled production of Casablanca in 1942.
drama:A small-town dreamer is sure he's landed on a gold mine after accidentally filming a murder but is sucked into a violent tale of greed and deception.
documentary:A 2014 Oscar nominee for Best Documentary Feature, this film explores the symbiotic relationship of artists Ushio and Noriko Shinohara.
drama:Eleven-year-old Amy starts to rebel against her conservative family’s traditions when she becomes fascinated with a free-spirited dance crew.
anime:When a Black Ghost scientist releases newly modified cyborgs and mysterious demons appear in Tokyo, the worlds of Devilman and Cyborg 009 meet.
anime:Years after taking up normal lives incognito, the cyborgs are forced to fight again when the superhuman Blessed appear with a plan for humanity.
comedy:When his prized bicycle is stolen, an astrologer’s search turns into a journey of self-realization — while the thieves learn a few lessons of their own.
comedy:In this 2014 standup special filmed in San Francisco, comedic genius D.L. Hughley entertains with his hilarious take on current affairs and more.
comedy:D.L. Hughley riffs on hot-button political issues, celebrity scandals, his mother's tough love and more in a rapid-fire stand-up show in Philadelphia.
international:After losing everything, a prima ballerina accepts a stranger's offer to dial back time and reclaim what was taken from her – but at a great price.
international:After experiencing a tragic loss, a woman must resist a new family dynamic that could control the future of her father's company and her life.
comedy:On the first day of Ramadan, Ismail joins friends on a road trip to a mosque and encounters his son, who, to Ismail's chagrin, plans a hasty wedding.
comedy:Ismail and his old screwball crew land themselves in hot water when his grandson's circumcision evolves into a buzz-making citywide event.
action:Four African American veterans return to Vietnam decades after the war to find their squad leader's remains — and a stash of buried gold. From Spike Lee.
other:Kath and Kel's union is tested by Michael Bublé, daughter Kim tries pole dancing, pal Sharon finds love online, and a stalker lurks amid Yuletide cheer.
action:A simple man's peaceful life is complicated when an incident brings him in contact with a gangster and launches his journey into the underworld.
horror:When Dilek becomes haunted by evil spirits and loses control of her body, she seeks the help of a woman with dark secrets to cure her.
horror:A cardiologist tries to pinpoint the cause of her mother's sudden death as her sister, who witnessed it, claims malevolent demons are at play.
horror:Ahead of her wedding, Kübra is possessed by demons. When an examination reveals more horror, her friend, a psychiatrist, tries to perform an exorcism.
drama:Family bonds are revived after a father is diagnosed with cancer in this bittersweet drama. Dutiful son John cares for his aging father, Jake, but not without complaint.
children:What does a thrill-seeker tween girl do when her mom forbids her to enter a BMX race? Cast an actor with nothing to lose to play her approving dad.
other:This beloved sitcom follows the unlikely heroes of the volunteer British Home Guard as they prepare for German invasion in World War II.
children:When a conscientious father loses his lucrative dot-com job and faces economic ruin, he joins two friends in opening a business called Daddy Day Care.
drama:Maya finally hooks up with her online dream girl, only to discover she’s deeply involved with an older sugar daddy – a man Maya knows all too well.
action:In a realm where magic and technology intersect, a shifty, cigar-smoking wizard finds himself in the middle of a war with the powers of hell.
drama:A retired government worker continues to dedicate himself to public service, but his principled ways soon clash with those of his extravagant sons.
drama:A lesbian daughter fights off an arranged marriage in India while an Islamic fundamentalist targets an anti-extremist Muslim scholar in New York.
drama:Refusing to accept a death sentence from his doctor after being diagnosed with AIDS in 1986, Ron Woodroof smuggles medications from abroad.
crime:During the Great Depression, a stranger with a violent past poses as a preacher and rallies farmers to mount a strike in a rural Iowa community.
comedy:Emmy-winning comedian Dana Carvey blends pitch-perfect takes on big personalities with so-true-it-hurts stories from his life as a dad of millennials.
children:True and her friends are making music – and they want you to dance and sing along. So cut loose, silly goose! These fun beats are totally sweet.
international:Fifteen-year-old Tara Webster's dream of dancing comes true when she gets into a top dance academy. She soon realizes dancing is only half the battle.
drama:In this adaptation of the TV series, Tara recovers from injury and pursues a career in the U.S., where she grapples with love and professional rejection.
children:This documentary spotlights Debbie Allen's career and follows her group of dance students as they prepare for Allen's annual Hot Chocolate Nutcracker.
international:A group of aspiring young musicians yearn for stardom while navigating the ups and downs of friendship, romance, and life at school.
other:Snatching trophies. Getting gorgeous. Turning it up. Alyssa Edwards rules the dance studio by day – and the drag world by night.
drama:After years of battling a deep depression, a young woman attempts to pass an important exam with the help of a fellow student.
documentary:From ruffling their majestic feathers to nailing im-peck-able courtship routines, birds in paradise flaunt their best moves in hopes of landing a mate.
crime:A law professor is enlisted by Mexico's attorney general to join a special operations unit infiltrating the capital's most notorious drug cartel.
drama:A once-promising wrestler pursues the gold medal he never won by training two of his daughters to compete at the Commonwealth Games.
other:The world's greatest super-spy returns to save the world with the help of hapless hamster Penfold and a collection of state-of-the-art gadgetry.
other:Follow the adventures of superspy Danger Mouse and his bumbling sidekick, Penfold, as they jet around the world foiling their enemies' evil plots.
other:A broke caregiver unexpectedly inherits her patient's estate, but dark secrets swirl around her newfound wealth, tangling her in deceit and danger.
other:Using various 4x4 vehicles, celebrities steer their way across some of the most infamous roads and trickiest terrains on earth.
comedy:Comedian Daniel Sloss is ready to find the funny in some very dark topics, from the deeply personal to the truly irreverent.
comedy:In his second stand-up special, Daniel Sosa reminisces about his childhood, ponders Mexican traditions and points out a major problem with Coco.
comedy:Comedian Daniel Sosa inhabits various characters, including a Tupperware dealer, a thirsty priest and a Trojan horse soldier in this stand-up special.
documentary:This documentary profiles eccentric publicist Danny Fields, who helped launch the careers of innovative new artists who would become musical icons.
action:When a volcanologist comes to investigate the recent rumblings of a dormant volcano, a massive eruption has everyone in town fighting for their lives.
horror:Adapted from a best-selling novel, this horror film shows Risa befriending ghosts until an evil spirit tries to take her sister to the other side.
comedy:In an eclectic one-man show, French superstar Dany Boon reflects on his homeland, his first comedy gig and the challenges of parenting hostile teens.
action:To bring down a global human trafficking ring, an Interpol agent recruits the help of a brutal criminal with inside knowledge of the yakuza.
crime:Relationships topple and loyalties flip when an icy new cheerleading coach takes over the high school squad ruled by Beth and her devoted BFF, Addy.
drama:Irish landscape designer Mary Reynolds fights to bring her wild and unconventional style to the esteemed Chelsea Flower Show.
crime:A missing child sets four families on a frantic hunt for answers as they unearth a mind-bending mystery that spans three generations.
drama:In this Bangla thriller inspired by a true story, the discovery of a charred corpse in the woods leads to a high-profile murder investigation.
drama:A detective on a cold murder case discovers that a famous writer’s latest novel contains details chillingly similar to the crime he’s investigating.
crime:Married Alma spends a fateful weekend away from home that ignites passion, ends in tragedy and leads her to question the truth about those close to her.
horror:In search of his sister, a renegade criminal seeks answers at a sordid hotel where he encounters a sinister guest and romances a mysterious waitress.
horror:Implicated in her daughter's disappearance, a mother searches for answers when she returns to an old family home that may have an unwanted visitor.
other:After waking up aboard a derelict spaceship with no memories, the crew of the Raza investigates the mystery of their identities and destination.
drama:Years after surviving a brutal crime as a child, Libby Day comes to believe that the brother she testified against for committing it may be innocent.
horror:A couple has trouble convincing friends and neighbors that an alien is entering their house each night to terrorize their children.
documentary:From a nuclear lake to a haunted forest, journalist David Farrier visits unusual – and often macabre – tourism spots around the world.
other:A fisherman returns home after a three-year absence only to find the woman he loves drifting away, the sailors feuding and his community unraveling.
horror:Stranded in a jungle when their car breaks down, six friends pass their time exchanging horror stories, unaware that they may be part of one themselves.
international:In this chilling horror anthology series, actress and model Bipasha Basu meets people who have had disconcerting paranormal experiences.
drama:After returning from school and getting married, a popular farmer begins to arouse resentment and jealousy among those around him.
romance:Opposites attract at Christmas as cynical Dash and sunny Lily trade messages and dares in a red notebook they pass back and forth around New York City.
other:"In each episode of flirtations and fails, one real-life single navigates five blind dates. The mission: Find one match worthy of a second date."
international:In this reality show, six singles meet five different blind dates at trendy urban hot spots in Brazil. Who will they choose for a second outing?
documentary:Five girls from India's most impoverished families attend a boarding school designed to create opportunities as they strive for a brighter future.
other:An African American Gullah family leaves their coastal island home in 1902 and risks losing their culture to start a new life on the U.S. mainland.
comedy:Comedy icon Dave Chappelle makes his triumphant return to the screen with a pair of blistering, fresh stand-up specials.
comedy:Comedy titan Dave Chappelle caps a wild year with two stand-up specials packed with scorching new material, self-reflection and tough love.
comedy:Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in a defiant stand-up special filmed in Atlanta.
comedy:Dave Chappelle is awarded the prestigious Mark Twain Prize for American Humor in a star-studded ceremony from the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.
documentary:A broadcaster recounts his life, and the evolutionary history of life on Earth, to grieve the loss of wild places and offer a vision for the future.
comedy:Swedish comedian David Batra gets personal as he playfully details the perks and pitfalls of being married to a recently resigned political leader.
comedy:With The Office long in the past, middling salesman David Brent ditches work and goes on tour with his rock band in a disastrous stab at stardom.
comedy:Cross skewers Donald Trump, religious taboos and American swagger in a provocative night of comedy at the Paramount Theatre in Austin, Texas.
documentary:From child prodigy to iconic music producer, David Foster shares the stories behind his success with rare footage and interviews with his collaborators.
international:Following life-changing traumas, two girls from different backgrounds fight to discover the identities of their biological parents.
children:The world's first family is back for more laughs as they discover sports, sleepovers and other wonders in a world of exotic creatures and adventures.
romance:This nighttime soap about a group of close-knit teens frankly depicts the issues of adolescence that obsess young adults, including sex, sex and sex.
crime:A detective assists with an investigation into a brutal mass murder case in which his twin brother is the prime suspect.
horror:A former medical student battles for survival against an evil human-zombie hybrid determined to destroy her, in this reimagining of the 1985 classic.
action:Living his best life in post-apocalyptic LA, a slacker strives to find the girl of his dreams while outwitting mindless ghouls and cliquish gangs.
international:A model student resorts to violence after witnessing greed and corruption wreak havoc on his life.
drama:Following the shooting death of his older brother, a depressed and aimless 13-year-old boy falls in with a gang in rural Arkansas.
children:As Metropolis High students, super teens Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Bumblebee, Batgirl, Zatanna, and Green Lantern fight crime, classwork and crushes.
action:A mysterious time master from the future unites an unlikely group of superheroes and villains to save the world from a powerful evil.
comedy:A YouTuber becomes obsessed with figuring out how his copycat archnemesis manages to steal all of his ideas.
documentary:Iconoclastic film director Brian DePalma takes a look back at the production of such classic movies as Carrie, Scarface and The Untouchables.
comedy:After several failed attempts at taking his own life, a young man hires an aging assassin who’ll do anything to fend off retirement.
drama:A socially awkward teen bonds with a group of misfits who plot to abduct the school's arrogant rich kid – until their kidnapping scheme turns deadly.
other:While the housemates in the Big Brother house remain oblivious, fast-moving hordes of the undead decimate the studio compound.
comedy:A hotheaded widow searching for the hit-and-run driver who mowed down her husband befriends an eccentric optimist who isn't quite what she seems.
horror:A group of uber-popular, social media influencers’ trip to a digital media festival grows dark when an evil spirit wants to lure them to their demise.
other:A surgeon’s perfect life is rattled when his daughter is taken hostage in their own home and he's given 24 hours to pay a hefty ransom.
drama:After a series of strange deaths, a high school reporter tries to pin down the killer who's targeting students eligible for a prestigious scholarship.
other:In this indie thriller, a foreign exchange student moves in with her roommate's family who grieves over the daughter they would do anything to get back.
crime:Just months after a tragic loss, detective Sofia Karppi investigates the murder of a woman with ties to a Helsinki construction company.
documentary:In this reality series, a tight-knit group of Deaf and hard of hearing students share their stories and explore life at Gallaudet University.
comedy:As his father takes steps to move on, a New Yorker grieving his mom's death visits Los Angeles where new possibilities may bring him out of his funk.
comedy:A father and son bond on an impromptu road trip over deep conversations, unexpected confessions, strange encounters ... and a drunken escapade.
children:When he gets a fan letter from a young monster movie buff, Dracula visits him and soon has a new friend helping him to get his confidence back.
comedy:A teen navigates a bitter feud between his willful mom and a free-spirited man, who's the lover and insurance beneficiary of his recently deceased dad.
international:Life is ever-delightful — and ever-challenging — for a group of friends in their twilight years as they rediscover themselves through love and family.
comedy:Finding a letter mailed to Santa by a girl asking for a new wife for her daddy, twentysomething Crystal sets out to make the girl's wishes come true.
comedy:Students of color navigate the daily slights and slippery politics of life at an Ivy League college that's not nearly as post-racial as it thinks.
comedy:A young cinematographer with a bright professional future and a lack of empathy learns the importance of balancing ambition with humanity.
comedy:When a Los Angeles family's patriarch dies, his dutiful eldest son plans the funeral – which becomes a fiasco thanks to a colorful cast of attendees.
other:Magician Drummond Money-Coutts travels the globe, sharing his infectious love of his craft and attempting feats that proved fatal to other magicians.
comedy:After learning he may die soon, a modest accountant pulls off a shady money scheme and heads to Europe, where he's faced with a life-or-death situation.
horror:Two federal agents battle through an army of rioting prisoners – and their sense of reality – inside a high-tech prison modeled after Dante’s Inferno.
horror:Light Turner finds a supernatural notebook and uses it to mete out death, attracting the attention of a detective, a demon and a girl in his class.
horror:With no memory of the previous night, a vacationing couple uncovers a disturbing personal video that inexplicably shows one of them killing the other.
action:An ex-racecar driver is sent to a barbaric prison where, to get pardoned, he must defeat the inmate known as Frankenstein in a lethal Death Race.
comedy:As the year we all want to end finally does, take a look back at 2020's mad glory in this comedic retrospective from the creators of Black Mirror.
international:Mountain bikers – including legend Brendan Fairclough – put their skills to the test and engage in daring feats set against vivid backdrops.
comedy:When a brain-dead family patriarch is about to be taken off life support, his extended family gathers round and plots to see who'll get his money.
comedy:After failing to win the heart of an aristocrat's widow, a thief plans to abduct her, only to discover that there are others with the same idea.
children:After accidentally trapping his family in their underwater home, a young octopus and his ocean-dwelling buddies search for help far across the sea.
crime:Former FBI agent Joe Pistone, the real-life Donnie Brasco, hosts this series that reveals the true stories of undercover crime-fighting operations.
crime:Back in Bondi Beach, where she grew up, DC Tori Lustigman investigates a gay man's murder and finds a link to her brother's death decades earlier.
comedy:A man's instant attraction to a woman becomes an obsession as he adopts a friend's identity and even commits murder in order to get closer to her.
international:Hired by a singer to defend her friend, who has been accused of murder, a formidable lawyer learns that the man he represents may not be innocent.
comedy:In this special live event, giants of stand-up come together to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Russell Simmons's groundbreaking Def Comedy Jam.
action:In this action-packed drama based on an extraordinary true story, four brothers protect more than 1,000 Jewish refugees during World War II.
documentary:This film documents the story of minister Waitstill Sharp and his wife, Martha, who risked everything to save thousands of refugees fleeing the Nazis.
international:Degrassi's next generation of high-tech newbies and returning students navigates real-world high school drama. If you're a teen, this is your life.
comedy:With their mother in jail and bills piling up, ambitious small-town teens Deidra and Laney plot a series of train robberies to keep themselves afloat.
drama:In the ancient walled city of Delhi, an American-born Indian finds himself on an unexpected inner journey as he learns about himself and his roots.
action:Three flatmates get involved in the shady business belonging to one roomie's fiancé, and discover that a global crime syndicate is gunning for them.
crime:As Delhi reels in the aftermath of a gang rape, DCP Vartika Chaturvedi leads a painstaking search for the culprits. Based on the 2012 Nirbhaya case.
comedy:Short on sense but long on self-confidence, dotty Deliha sets her sights on a hunky photographer who opens up shop in her neighborhood.
comedy:While chasing her dream of becoming a chef, Zeliha cooks up trouble in the kitchen with her wild, kooky and unsuspecting ways.
horror:A man with a history of mental issues moves into his late parents' mansion and comes to suspect his new home may be haunted.
other:Rascal Flatts bassist Jay DeMarcus and ex-beauty queen Allison DeMarcus write their own rules for juggling family and fun in this reality show.
comedy:Demetri Martin brings his off-kilter take on acoustic guitar, hairless cats, color schemes, and the word nope to Washington in his original special.
comedy:With his signature one-liners and drawings, Demetri Martin muses on doughnut holes, dogs, sports bars, the alphabet's most aggressive letters and more.
documentary:After Zimbabwe's disputed 2008 election results, political enemies are asked to write a new constitution and save their country from a bleak future.
crime:To catch three criminal masterminds, a group of cops teams up with a forensic pathologist who can see a murder victim's final moments before death.
horror:When amateur ghost hunters visit an abandoned house, their investigation turns into a massacre, leaving questions for a detective and a psychologist.
action:A highly skilled crew of bank robbers plotting a heist at the supposedly impenetrable Federal Reserve faces off against an elite unit of L.A. cops.
comedy:In the stand-up performance that made him a legend, comedian Denis Leary caustically holds forth on nonsmokers, vegetarians and other undesirables.
other:Fearless Dennis, his loyal dog Gnasher and best friends Rubi, JJ and Pieface quench their thirst for adventure by wreaking havoc all over Beanotown.
comedy:Embracing his belief that comedy is the last raw form of expression, Deon Cole explains the right time to thank Jesus and the wrong time to say welp.
comedy:Dynamic comic DeRay Davis hits the stage like a ball of fire, nailing the finer points of living, dating and handling show business as a black man.
other:Ricky Gervais created and stars in this heartwarming comedy-drama series as a loyal English nursing home caretaker who sees only the good in everyone.
international:Illusionist Derren Brown reinvents the concept of faith healing” through a series of stunts that debunk the confines of fear, pain and disbelief.
other:Illusionist Derren Brown concocts a psychological experiment in which he tries to manipulate an ordinary person into taking a bullet for a stranger.
other:Mentalist Derren Brown engineers an audacious social experiment demonstrating how manipulation can lead an ordinary person to commit an appalling act.
other:Amidst the political conflict of Northern Ireland in the 1990s, five high school students square off with the universal challenges of being a teenager.
crime:America's fate rests in the hands of a low-level official after an attack on Washington decimates the government in this gripping political thriller.
international:When the National Assembly suffers a catastrophic attack, Minister of Environment Park Mu-jin must find a way to lead Korea through the ensuing chaos.
drama:A young woman arrives at her estranged sister's wedding to mend fences but falls prey to lust when she meets the groom.
drama:In a severe, drought-ravaged dystopia, the youngest of a farm family starts a quest for revenge after his brothers betray him and leave him for dead.
horror:Along with her son and best friend, a grieving widow hikes into the woods to scatter her late husband's ashes, only to discover they're being stalked.
comedy:After drunkenly sending a cringeworthy email, hopeless romantic Wes heads to Mexico with her best friends to erase the note before her new love reads it.
comedy:A Spaniard working in Argentina sees his life upended after accidentally giving bad directions to a passerby, who demands compensation for the error.
comedy:After their mother's death, four sisters learn a shocking family secret and embark on an adventure to discover the truth about their genealogy.
drama:In 12th-century Spain, a philosopher and his profound teachings jeopardize the caliph he serves when political rivals threaten a government upheaval.
international:A tormented student uncovers unsettling secrets at her remote high school as betrayal and a paranormal encounter upend her life.
action:A man begins to regret his choices when his brother decides to join him as a member of the same terrorist organization.
other:Convinced his stepfather caused the crash that left his mother in a coma, a law student drunkenly agrees to his murder, then can't rescind the deal.
drama:Assigned to go undercover to take down an impenetrable crime ring, a detective finds himself falling under the sway of its enigmatic leader.
drama:Because they come from different castes, the son of a tax collector and his true love are not allowed to marry, sending them down divergent paths.
other:In a tailspin after her marriage collapses, Jamie falls for a helpful gentleman whose interest in her welfare hides sinister motives.
drama:On a small Finnish island in 1666, a teenage girl in love with a married fisherman becomes the center of a tragic witch hunt and power struggle.
horror:Seeking a missing woman in North Dakota, an FBI agent and a sheriff focus on her religious zealot husband but discover something far more sinister.
anime:With demons reawakened and humanity in turmoil, a sensitive demon-boy is led into a brutal, degenerate war against evil by his mysterious friend, Ryo.
international:Through chats with host Rasika Dugal, mythologist Devdutt Pattanaik explores the meaning and modern-day relevance of Indian folklore and philosophy.
drama:After science student Shesh Shahi – a shy eccentric with a strange connection to nature – is examined by a team of mental hospital doctors, a gripping portrait of schizophrenia emerges.
crime:By day, mild-mannered Dexter is a blood-spatter analyst for the Miami police. But at night, he is a serial killer who only targets other murderers.
action:Tipped off about buried money in Goa, four ne’er-do-well friends go on the hunt, chased by a police officer who wants the treasure for himself.
drama:In a last-ditch effort, the jaded coach of the Southall United Football Club assembles a ragtag team and helps lead the team to a comeback season.
comedy:A movie-loving 10-year-old and her blind little brother trek to meet Indian superstar Shah Rukh Khan for help in getting the boy an eye operation.
comedy:After learning he was adopted from a Muslim couple, a Hindu man seeks his birth father but finds he must confront his bigotry to realize his quest.
international:After the ancient Great War, the god Chitragupta oversees a trial to determine who were the battle's true heroes and villains.
children:Convinced only a miracle can save them from failing school exams, a trio of friends seek help from a magician. To their surprise, he gamely complies.
international:After discovering that she was adopted as an infant, a young woman embarks on a perilous quest to connect with her biological mother.
drama:In this intimate drama, circumstances draw together four people from different castes – which would normally preclude them from forming friendships.
comedy:An accountant and a producer hatch a scheme to finance a movie, while making every effort to ensure that it flops so they may pocket the difference.
action:Framed by an empress who plans to steal a dragon-taming mace, imperial magistrate Dee Renjie soon uncovers a greater plot that threatens the kingdom.
international:When a young girl goes missing in a big city, a desperate priest joins a demon hunter and his motley crew on an otherworldly mission to find her.
documentary:Dr. Lisa Sanders crowdsources diagnoses for mysterious and rare medical conditions in a documentary series based on her New York Times Magazine column.
crime:A prominent prosecuting attorney must defend her innocence — and her life — when she's set up and sent to prison as she investigates a conspiracy.
international:After an accident leads to great weight loss, once-obese Mi Duo embarks on a new life working for her secret crush, diamond company CEO Xiao Liang.
drama:Three families navigate uncertainty and struggle when cancer affects their lives and presents emotional challenges that test their bonds.
documentary:This illuminating documentary examines the aftermath of Princess Diana’s tragic death and the tense, dramatic week leading up to her funeral.
documentary:Featuring archival footage and personal recordings, this documentary offers candid insight into the life of the beloved princess.
drama:An attractive young woman goes to work as a chambermaid for a troublesome couple. The wife is unreasonable, and the husband won't stop hitting on her.
documentary:As her father nears the end of his life, filmmaker Kirsten Johnson stages his death in inventive and comical ways to help them both face the inevitable.
action:Pierce Brosnan's final outing as 007 finds James Bond facing off against a North Korean terrorist who's in league with a British diamond merchant.
international:An inexperienced murder detective joins a desperate search for a deranged serial killer who possesses a deep obsession with young women’s skin.
comedy:The cerebral and popular German cabaret comic expounds his theories on gender norms, primal instincts and a decidedly gastrointestinal Big Bang.
children:After being introduced to Italy's ancient history, Thomas sets out to prove his expertise until his curiosity lands him in trouble in an old mine.
children:Amidst Italy's ancient sites and hidden treasures, Thomas is inspired to make his own special discovery, sending him on a journey to find a lost legend.
comedy:A miser’s scheme to set his son up with a millionaire’s daughter backfires when the two actually fall in love — just as his sly charade is revealed.
comedy:Inseparable childhood friends Akash, Sameer and Siddharth are just out of college. Nothing comes between them – until they each fall in love.
comedy:While hosting a shipboard holiday for relatives and friends, a wealthy but dysfunctional family must face the ugly truths under their flawless facade.
drama:The sophisticated son of a powerful businessman falls for a simple, free-spirited girl whose older sister is in love with him.
drama:A radio broadcaster's intense attraction to a mysterious woman opens the door to a tidal wave of powerful emotions and desires.
international:Agam Singh's brothers mean everything to him, so while he promises not to marry, he tries to get them to marry – but they want him to marry first.
drama:At a Bandung high school, charming and rebellious Dilan vies for the affections of shy new student Milea.
drama:Dilan's involvement in the motorbike gang imperils his relationship with Milea, whose distant relative returns from Belgium.
action:A young couple falls in love, but conflicting loyalties drive them apart. Years later, fate intervenes and hands them a second chance.
comedy:In each episode, four celebrities join host Jon Favreau for dinner and share revealing stories about both show business and their personal lives.
comedy:The host of a dinner party invites his friends to bring the saddest loser they can find. But the ultimate schmuck turns everyone else into the losers.
anime:When she gets angry, middle schooler Naoko turns into fierce dinosaur Gauko! Thanks to friends, aliens and more, her life is full of wacky incidents.
documentary:Top scientists and paleontologists examine dinosaur fossils located throughout Canada, while searching for elusive new species.
anime:Aided by tablets found near a downed meteorite, Max, Rex and Zoe race the evil Alpha Gang as they travel the globe in search of living dinosaurs.
children:Half dinosaur, half construction truck, full-on fun! Watch giant Ty Rux, his little buddy Revvit and the crew come face-to-face with evil D-Structs.
children:Amped up with powers that make them faster, stronger and more agile than ever, the Dinotrux are back to face new challenges and meet new friends.
crime:Businesswoman Debra Newell's life unravels when she falls for the lies and manipulation of con man John Meehan. Based on the true-crime podcast.
crime:From crippling payday loans to cars that cheat emissions tests, this investigative series exposes brazen acts of corporate greed and corruption.
international:A university lecturer in Russia returns to Egypt after her husband's sudden disappearance, uncovering further mysteries the more she investigates.
action:Shaolin monk San Te returns to protect a fellow hero with a talent for finding trouble in this action-packed sequel to The 36th Chamber of Shaolin.
documentary:In this documentary, leading trans creatives and thinkers share heartfelt perspectives and analysis about Hollywood's impact on the trans community.
other:A poor boy grows up to be a famous disco dancer, hoping to use his art to exact revenge on the millionaire who once framed him and his mother for theft.
comedy:A group of singletons stumbles through the wild dating scene in Nairobi as two friends wonder if their relationship is more than platonic.
documentary:Follow Todd Standing, Dr. Jeff Meldrum and other researchers into the wilderness, where they try to capture definitive proof of Sasquatch's existence.
action:Princess duties call, but she'd rather be drinking. Free-spirited Bean exasperates the king as she wreaks havoc with her demon and elf pals.
comedy:Pot activist Ruth Whitefeather Feldman runs a medical marijuana dispensary while encouraging her loyal patients to chill out and enjoy the high life.
other:An intelligent but intense honor student traumatizes his high school teacher and mentor when he doesn't get the grade he believes he deserves.
action:After years of segregation and forced labor, a race of stranded aliens enlists in a resistance movement spearheaded by a rogue government agent.
other:In this reality series, brides-to-be stop at nothing to have their dream weddings despite meager funds, fallouts with friends or even absent grooms.
drama:A shrewd teenager and her wisecracking best friend plan to get rich or die trying by following in the footsteps of a flashy female drug dealer.
children:Fiercely independent and disillusioned with love, a teen DJ is determined to chart her own path, till a pop heartthrob falls for her awesome mix.
action:Accompanied by a German bounty hunter, a freed slave named Django travels across America to free his wife from a sadistic plantation owner.
drama:Grieving the death of her grandfather, Neige navigates family conflict and questions her world in this meditation about cultural identity and roots.
international:A riches-to-rags pianist who loses everything but her smile is guided by twinkling little stars to a small town where she finds hope, home and love.
comedy:A struggling math teacher holds down a second job to keep his family afloat. But when he receives a wedding invitation, he's determined to attend.
drama:When a sex worker hires a gay songwriter to care for her disabled son, the ensuing bonds that form offer a complex portrayal of love and family.
other:When she suspects her husband is cheating on her, Dr. Gemma Foster starts an investigation that leads her down a dark path of obsession.
other:A young physician and his beautiful mistress get swept up in the danger and drama of the Bolshevik Revolution in this Oscar-winning epic.
comedy:Elevating the art of parody, this sharply comic series spoofs high-profile documentaries such as Grey Gardens and The Thin Blue Line.
drama:"A delusional ex-con rejoins his unhinged former partners for one last job: kidnap the baby of a mobster's enemy for ransom."
documentary:These six intimate stories explore the abiding emotional bonds that form between dogs and their caregivers, no matter the circumstances.
crime:Two cops investigate the murder of a famous Turkish-German soccer player, but one of them has underworld connections that mire the case in controversy.
comedy:In 1970s LA, struggling comedian Rudy Ray Moore hits it big with his raunchy alter ego, Dolemite, then risks it all to take his act to the big screen.
international:Beautiful executive assistant Zeina reluctantly teams up with the self-assured Tarek to chase down an elusive dollar bill worth $1 million.
drama:A disillusioned Delhi wife and her new-in-town cousin navigate damning secrets, dreams and their thorny dynamic on their respective roads to freedom.
documentary:Dolly Parton leads a moving, musical journey in this documentary that details the people and places who have helped shape her iconic career.
drama:Eight stories celebrating family, faith, love and forgiveness come to life in this series inspired by Dolly Parton's iconic country music catalog.
children:Seasonal cheer comes to a screeching halt when a cold-hearted woman tries to sell her hometown's land. Can music, magic and memories change her mind?
children:After losing his mom, 10-year-old Luke abandons competitive swimming. It takes a friendly dolphin to get him back in the water – and help him heal.
children:Winter the dolphin, who survived a tragic injury by receiving a prosthetic tail, bonds with an orphaned baby dolphin after her beloved pool mate dies.
international:A Copenhagen police officer hunts for the man who attacked his partner, only to stumble into a high-stakes game of espionage.
action:A ruthless crime boss and drug lord is nabbed and held captive by the authorities, who send his naïve look-alike to infiltrate the man's gang.
action:With Asia under his complete control, criminal mastermind Don turns to Europe, battling the mob bosses of each nation along the way.
comedy:In this modern adaptation of a Spanish classic, an eccentric, elderly gentleman sets out with his honest sidekick to right the wrongs of the world.
comedy:A questionable character working as a self-styled biblical archaeologist advances his cause by creating phony religious artifacts.
horror:"Young Sally Hurst discovers she isn't alone in her new house: strange creatures live there – and they might not be as friendly as Sally thinks."
action:There are risks. Then there are risk-takers. In an around-the-world trip, follow athletes perform jaw-dropping acts in unpredictable elements of nature.
action:Using state-of-the-art technology, this stunning sequel follows athletes pulling off daring feats under extreme conditions in extraordinary locations.
action:Through deserts, above mountains and deep into oceans, elite athletes — both veteran and new — form bonds and pursue adventure in sumptuous landscapes.
crime:A twisted criminal's gruesome videos drive a group of amateur online sleuths to launch a risky manhunt that pulls them into a dark underworld.
comedy:A financial analyst succumbs to a love triangle with a hard-drinking architect and a promiscuous investment bro, who soon becomes her boss.
comedy:Zixin is about to marry Qihong, but her gallivanting ex returns to wreak havoc as mistaken identities and love triangles stir up the lovers' paradise.
horror:A recovering addict becomes her estranged daughter's only hope after the teen awakens a terrifying child-stealing witch from an urban legend.
documentary:Aided by dramatic reconstructions and archive footage, Sir Richard Branson recounts his daring attempts to break hot air balloon records.
comedy:Six talented but struggling improv comics see a sudden shift in their troupe's dynamic after one of them lands a much-coveted gig on television.
horror:After a tragic turn of events at the new home he's fixing up, Daniel hears a ghostly plea for help, spurring him to seek out a famous paranormal expert.
comedy:Fearlessly funny stand-up comic and sitcom star Donald Glover puts on a live show in New York, confessing his love for Cocoa Puffs and Toys R Us.
drama:When FBI agent Joe Pistone goes undercover to infiltrate the mob, he starts to identify with the made men he's charged with taking down.
action:A special ops squad investigating a distress signal from a distant planet discovers that mutant aliens have already wiped out most of the population.
action:When a swarm of soul-stealing demons invades a Martian moon, a group of elite space Marines must obliterate the beasts to save Earth.
other:This series highlights a diverse group of survivalists as they prepare for various catastrophic scenarios that could cause civilization to collapse.
comedy:When a matriarch wakes from a 30-year coma, her wacky family frantically recreates a bygone era to keep her from noticing how much time has passed.
crime:Filmed from the perspectives of dealers, users and the police, this vivid series offers a bracing look at the war on drugs.
drama:A village landlord's daughter and an educated commoner must decide if their budding forbidden love is worth resisting a repressive social hierarchy.
anime:Amnesiac Caiman seeks to undo his lizard head curse by killing the sorcerer responsible, with his friend Nikaido's help. In the Hole, that's a threat.
comedy:To win over a landlady who only accepts women as tenants, two men pose as a couple – but the jig may be up when they both fall for their flatmate.
children:While her mom is away, a teen sneaks out of the hippie commune where she lives and embarks on a life-changing adventure to discover who her father is.
other:After being framed and serving time for her husband's supposed murder, Libby decides to kill her late husband for good.
action:Keen to bring honor to his clan, young villager Dong Yilong embarks on a perilous journey to compete in a tournament that selects warriors for battle.
action:When the tenant in their flat dies under suspicious circumstances, two bickering cousins are forced to navigate both sides of the law.
drama:Sister Aloysius begins to have doubts about doting Father Flynn, who seems to have become overly involved in the life of an African American pupil.
drama:Over six days in 1971, brilliant writer Sergei Dovlatov encounters maddening barriers to publishing his work under the repressive Soviet regime.
documentary:The human-equine bond propels the unique and challenging sport of reined cow horse, in which dedicated trainers compete for the national championship.
documentary:Actor Zac Efron journeys around the world with wellness expert Darin Olien in a travel show that explores healthy, sustainable ways to live.
comedy:In this stand-up special, former doctor Jason Leong gives his diagnoses on the nonsense of traditional healers, business-class show-offs and more.
children:While Mom is away, a bored little boy and girl are visited by the Cat in the Hat, who proceeds to turn the house into the mother of all messes.
children:A grump with a mean streak plots to bring Christmas to a halt in the cheerful town of Whoville. But a generous little girl could change his heart.
children:The forest-dwelling Lorax has to stop the short-sighted Once-ler from ruining the environment for profit in this adaptation of the Dr. Seuss classic.
other:The Count Dracula legend transforms with new tales that flesh out the vampire's gory crimes – and bring his vulnerability into the light.
anime:Recently stationed Air Self-Defense Force rookie Hisone Amakasu is chosen by a dragon concealed within Gifu Air Base to be his pilot.
action:Luca follows in his father's footsteps to rescue his mother from evil Ladja. Finding the heavenly hero who wields the Zenithian sword is his only hope.
action:Dragon and his fellow students at Dragon Tiger Gate martial arts school team up to battle the ferocious villain Shibumi.
anime:Resurrected as an Arisen, Ethan sets out to vanquish the Dragon that took his heart. But with every demon he battles, his humanity slips further away.
action:In ancient times when majestic fire-breathers soared through the skies, a knight comes face to face and heart to heart with the last dragon on Earth.
action:When an aspiring knight crosses paths with a dragon, the two form an unlikely alliance in a high-stakes battle against a malicious sorcerer.
action:This sequel introduces Draco the dragon's offspring, Drake, who dreams of becoming a knight and teams up with a stable boy to master his skills.
action:When the king of Brittania dies, the dragon who shares his heart must find a new ruler, but the monarch's grandchildren go to war over the throne.
action:When his family is slain by vicious savages, a young farmer teams with an ice-breathing dragon and sword-wielding mercenary to avenge their deaths.
children:Bheem helps to reopen Dragonpur's abandoned magic and martial arts school, but is tested like never before when an ex-student returns seeking revenge!
children:The How to Train Your Dragon adventure continues when a hunt for lost sheep turns into a fierce, fun-filled competition.
children:From the creators of How to Train Your Dragon comes an all-new Netflix original series that takes Hiccup and Toothless to the edge of adventure!
children:Twins Dak and Leyla and their dragon friends devote their lives to rescuing others, defending their home of Huttsgalor and having fun along the way.
children:It's the treasure hunt of a lifetime for the Rescue Riders, who must race to find a precious golden dragon egg and protect it from evil pirates.
children:Snowfall marks the start of Odinyule — the Viking holiday of giving! But crazy weather might cancel the tradition unless the Rescue Riders can swoop in.
children:When a musical dragon with a beautiful voice hypnotizes the dragons and people of Huttsgalor, the Rescue Riders have to find a way to break the spell.
romance:A huge fan of a Korean TV drama is transported to a magical realm where she has the power to alter her favorite show's story line as a Facilitator.
documentary:Narrated by Jeff Bridges, this compelling documentary examines some incredible achievements of engineering from across the globe.
documentary:On a cruise for gay men, five passengers of different nationalities take a break from their families and cultures to party and reflect on life.
other:Dreams come true for real families looking for the perfect home tailored to their own unique style, thanks to Shea and Syd McGee of Studio McGee.
documentary:This riveting crime doc follows Bill as he confronts America's broken judicial system after his son is falsely sentenced to 40 years in prison.
children:Madagascar goes wild with holiday spirit in this set of Valentine's Day and Christmas-themed tales featuring everyone's favorite animal characters.
children:Join your DreamWorks friends for these four holiday specials, featuring Shrek and Donkey, Hiccup and Toothless, and the wacky animals from Madagascar.
children:Oh takes it upon himself to introduce Christmas joy to his fellow Boovs. Unfortunately, his well-meaning mission nearly destroys the city.
children:In this set of shorts, Hiccup and the gang learn about different species of dragons. Then, Gobber goes in search of the Boneknapper Dragon.
children:In this pair of adventures, Po tells the story of how masters Thundering Rhino, Storming Ox and Croc met and takes on Shifu's biggest challenge yet.
children:Shrek celebrates Halloween, Puss in Boots is captured by soldiers, and the gang participates in a kingdom-wide singing competition.
children:Shrek dares his friends to bring on the scary with ghost stories told in a haunted castle. Later, Ginormica and the Monsters face alien pumpkins.
children:The Shrek characters parody the music video Thriller; B.O.B. and pals battle zombie carrots; and Megamind faces the effects of the Button of Doom.
documentary:This documentary explores the intense passion and distinctive talent that make Dries Van Noten one of the most unique fashion designers in the world.
anime:Dragons are on the menu as the crew of the airship Quin Zaza sets out on a hunt. If they fail, empty stomachs will be the least of their worries.
comedy:Too hungover to report as a witness in a criminal trial the day after his birthday party, a young man and his pals do some unexpected soul-searching.
drama:An unexceptional man becomes a murder suspect when the son of a high-ranking police official who harassed his daughter goes missing.
action:A notorious thief allies with a street racer for a grand heist involving an elaborate game of deceit with authorities, who have their own dirty secrets.
drama:A young dancer grapples with her dream to join a famed ballet company against the wishes of her mother, who pushes her to pursue a more practical path.
other:This Complex series follows the paper trail of musicians and athletes in Los Angeles as they blow through stacks on the finer things in life.
crime:Witness the stories of history's most notorious kingpins, their terrifying enforcers, and the men and women who've sworn to bring them down.
crime:Four intrepid and impulsive police officers form a special narcotics unit to combat the birth of drug trafficking on Spain's Costa del Sol in the 1970s.
crime:This absorbing documentary series follows the entire supply chain of the illicit drug trade, tracing its production, export, sale and consumption.
comedy:Two desperate parents go to extreme lengths to hide their dire financial straits from their daughter and friends.
drama:An odd encounter with a fan and a tryst with that fan's ex-boyfriend leads a sexually adventurous singer on an escapade in Chile.
drama:Dan, Tettsu and Chiharu leave the battles of the SWORD district behind for a carefree road trip adventure and end up working in a hot spring resort.
drama:Wary of dishonesty in relationships, two young women embark on a 24-hour experiment on intimacy, but their romance flounders as the clock winds down.
children:As his flock's annual migration nears, a carefree goose is grounded with an injury and takes a pair of lost ducklings under his wing.
comedy:Four best friends navigate loss and major life changes – and smoke a lot of weed – during their last two weeks of high school.
crime:When Anastasia Cardona's drug lord husband is murdered, she inherits his cocaine empire, leading to a life of wealth, power, violence and betrayal.
drama:A young mother embarks on a desperate quest for freedom when she kidnaps her 10-year-old daughter to save her from a tribal marriage.
action:When one of his colleagues becomes corrupted by power and goes over to the dark side, a young police officer tries to bring the offender to justice.
comedy:This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained title characters' days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school.
comedy:To prove a point about measuring up and fitting in, Texas teen Willowdean Dickson enters a local pageant run by her ex-beauty queen mom.
action:A lawyer defends his childhood friend – and girlfriend's brother – in a murder case, unaware of his own deep connection to the attorney he’s up against.
comedy:Hilarious mix-ups and deadly encounters ensue when a convict seeks to escape authorities by assuming the identity of his doppelgänger, a perky chef.
anime:A young man looking for excitement moves to Ikebukuro, a district in Tokyo, where he finds a world of mystery in which the past and present mesh.
drama:An Indian hotel waiter forms an unlikely bond with a Pakistani colleague when the establishment’s criminal owner threatens to ruin both their lives.
documentary:Seeking answers after a life-changing incident in 2012, filmmaker Hernán Zin interviews other war reporters about the personal toll of their work.
drama:The Carringtons and the Colbys feud for control over their fortune – and their children – in this updated reboot of the classic prime-time soap.
documentary:This documentary investigates the surge in vaping culture and whether e-cigarettes can really help smokers kick the habit.
documentary:The courageous investigators of Human Rights Watch's Emergencies Team risk their lives to document unlawful attacks on civilians by brutal dictators.
drama:A sawmill owner and his teenage daughter become tangled in a deadly feud when a drug dealer stashes stolen cocaine on their remote property.
children:When a construction project begins in their neighborhood, four friends start receiving bizarre encoded text messages on their cell phones.
children:Curious about everything and excited about science, 6-year-old Luna, her brother Jupiter and pet Clyde explore nature to learn about the world.
other:Earth's most sublime landscapes can also be the most forbidding. Discover how inhabitants survive and flourish in our planet's harshest environments.
other:From the Arctic to the Outback, humans battle the elements and use their ingenuity to survive in the most extreme environments in the world.
drama:In 1980s Tokyo, an enigmatic expat is suspected of killing her friend, who's gone missing in the wake of their love triangle with a local photographer.
drama:She’s not the usual candidate for the role, but a dogged Mexican-American mother makes it her mission to become a talented sushi chef.
comedy:Cal turns to his friends for help through a hilariously dark time when he discovers that his partner Thom's been cheating on him.
comedy:This eclectic, star-studded anthology follows diverse Chicagoans fumbling through the modern maze of love, sex, technology and culture.
comedy:When a lie about Olive's reputation transforms her from anonymous to infamous at her high school, she decides to embrace a provocative new persona.
international:Years after a wealthy man is healed by a rural herbalist, fate lands him in the same hospital where the woman's granddaughter is treating patients.
drama:After deciding to reshape her life after divorce, Liz travels around the world in search of good food, spirituality and true love.
international:After kidnapping a millionaire’s daughter, two men get swept up in a power struggle as her father enlists a brilliant cop to hunt them down.
documentary:An affectionate documentary looks back at the mid-1960s, when Hollywood’s Laurel Canyon was a creative nexus for young, innovative musicians.
documentary:British strongman Eddie Hall wants to be the strongest man in the world. This documentary reveals the grueling life choices that fuel his obsession.
comedy:Flashing the wild stand-up comedy that made him a household name, Eddie Murphy unleashes uncensored observations and parodies in this 1983 live show.
comedy:This stand-up comedy classic features Eddie Murphy live in a provocative series of impressions, observations and remembrances of his childhood.
crime:Saved from a plane crash and given supernatural powers, teen Tarzan joins forces with brave city girl Jane to protect his jungle home from threats.
other:During a wilderness getaway, a gang of sociopathic criminals kidnap a woman and assault her husband, who must summon all his strength to save her.
comedy:A 17-year-old confronts confusion and heartbreak as he rediscovers his sexuality in this story about coming out and its social consequences.
other:Leading astronomers reveal the latest discoveries about death-trap planets, asteroids, comets and other wonders of the cosmos.
international:Revenge, passion and dark secrets push a successful fashion designer and single mother to her limits when she meets a handsome and mysterious man.
comedy:Brazilian comedian Edmilson Filho walks his audience through the stages of a modern relationship, playing up the differences between men and women.
comedy:Italian comedian Edoardo Ferrario riffs on life at 30 and unpacks the peculiarities of global travel, social media and people who like craft beer.
comedy:In Goa and in desperate need of cash, four childhood friends get another shot at making their long-abandoned dreams of becoming filmmakers come true.
drama:Two young adults with families on opposite ends of the political spectrum fall in love in a Kerala city torn by violence.
horror:When a student's suicide rattles an all-girls Catholic school, a clairvoyant guidance counselor leans on a ghost to uncover the convent's abusive past.
drama:Trapped in a loveless marriage, the young wife of Victorian-era art critic John Ruskin finds herself falling for an artist — and looking for a way out.
drama:Sent from the future to look after a lonely girl, Eggy finds himself falling for her. But dating is forbidden and would risk both their fates.
drama:Driven by the lessons he learned from his mother, and the values of the Sikh religion, a man sets out on a mission to serve humanity.
documentary:This documentary series examines the Einsatzgruppen, Nazis responsible for the mass murder of Jews, Romani and Soviet prisoners in Eastern Europe.
comedy:A musician's marriage proposal to his girlfriend is denied by her mother, whose affinity for magic begins to meddle in their relationship even more.
drama:A poor bus conductor's efforts at obtaining information about his enormous electricity bill are hindered by a corrupt system.
drama:Imprisoned for underworld crimes she didn’t commit, a vengeful woman breaks free and goes scorched earth on the smooth-talking suitor who framed her.
drama:While trying to win over his beloved’s parents, a young man is accused of arson, and his father soon realizes insanity may be his only defense.
international:Indebted to a gangster, a grifter assembles a band of fellow swindlers to attempt his biggest scam yet, but it's soon clear that no one can be trusted.
comedy:As her family seeks to marry her off and a hopeful writer pursues her, a small-town woman struggles to reveal the long-hidden truth about who she loves.
comedy:Bollywood stars Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor pair up to play exceptionally dissimilar lovers in this lighthearted romantic comedy.
drama:In an eastern Turkish town, suitors knock on the door of the mayor and father of three beautiful daughters who choose to follow their own paths.
action:A security expert and ex-CIA agent living in Belgium must go on the run with his estranged teen daughter when they're both marked for assassination.
international:Forty young crew members traveling aboard a training vessel are in for the adventure of a lifetime – especially when a storm leaves them lost at sea.
comedy:Stuck in a liquor store during an alleged robbery, a group of strangers shares hidden truths and forms an unexpected bond on Christmas Eve.
drama:Fugitive Jesse Pinkman attempts to outrun his past. Written and directed by Breaking Bad creator Vince Gilligan, starring Aaron Paul.
crime:One man makes a fateful decision to get involved with a Colombian drug cartel in this series based on a novel by Andrés López López.
crime:Drug trafficker Pepe Cadena navigates the treacherous waters of warring cartels in Mexico and Colombia while avoiding capture by the DEA and police.
crime:This drama series chronicles the true story of the rise, capture and escape of notorious Mexican drug lord Joaquín El Chapo Guzmán.
other:El Chavo is a poor, nameless orphan who lives in an apartment building with La Chilindrina, Quico, Doña Florinda, Don Ramón and Professor Jirafales.
documentary:Spanish-Mexican writer Paco Ignacio Taibo II hits the road to trace the footsteps of Ernesto Che Guevara and sheds new light on the revolutionary.
romance:Religion thwarted Lucas and Jade's young love. They reunite decades later, but Jade's heart is torn between the man she knew and his younger clone.
comedy:"Four childhood buddies in passionless marriages try a counterintuitive idea: a secret club for men who want to cheat – to regain lust for their wives."
drama:An insomniac, an aspiring photographer and a pregnant veterinarian form a unique friendship during late-night meetings at a 24-hour mini-mart.
crime:Based on real events, the fictional story of Mexican drug lord El Chato's number one hitman, El Cholo.
crime:To replace his grandfather as head of a cartel, a Tokyo financier returns to his home country of Mexico, where he must battle two rivals for control.
comedy:From a Mexico City theme park, energetic stand-up Alex Fernández riffs on music, cheap toys, insecurity and other fun things about growing up.
documentary:This documentary chronicles the decade-long process that led to the end of the ETA, a Basque terrorist group that operated for more than 50 years.
documentary:From early struggles to his climb up the Himalayas, Jean Maggi gets profiled in this documentary that highlights his advancement of adaptive sports.
crime:While investigating a kidnapping, an ex-cop sent to infiltrate a prison finds himself surrounded by dangerous felons who can't know his real identity.
documentary:In this intimate documentary, former Uruguayan President José Pepe Mujica talks about lessons he learned while in prison, his ideals and the future.
drama:Argentine cuarteto singer Rodrigo El Potro Bueno rises to fame amid personal struggles in this dramatization of the charismatic superstar's life.
international:A former high-ranking financial executive finds redemption and romance when he's paroled after a prison sentence and becomes a math teacher.
crime:Only Aurelio Casillas can fill Pablo Escobar's shoes and become Mexico's biggest drug trafficker of the '90s.
documentary:In the most remote areas of the Amazon jungle, a writer and his anthropologist friend meet communities who have resisted change for centuries.
drama:As a teen languishes during a spiritless road trip, she learns of the troubles in her parents' marriage as a crisis in her country looms.
documentary:Colombian photojournalist Jesús Abad Colorado shares the stories behind a series of civil war photographs he captured throughout the '80s and '90s.
international:Regional Mexican singer El Vato and his friends struggle to succeed in the enticing but deceptive music world in Los Angeles, California.
children:Popular South American bands Márama and Rombai share footage of behind-the-scenes antics and discuss their sudden rise to stardom.
action:After a car crash, sparks fly for a financially struggling man and the daughter of a business tycoon, unraveling dark secrets and loose ends.
action:Journalist Naresh is hired to probe illegal activities on an island. When he's captured, a fellow prisoner gives him a ring with magic powers.
documentary:In this documentary, the director remembers a sister who left behind her life under Brazil’s dictatorship and moved to New York with dreams of acting.
international:Friends Proog and Emo live in a capricious, seemingly infinite machine with a sinister purpose in this experimental computer-animated short.
drama:A chance encounter brings a brash, wealthy young man and an underprivileged woman together when they get stuck in an elevator and she goes into labor.
children:An elite team of elves – and their furry fox cub friends – help bring the Christmas spirit to a boy whose mom may not make it home for the holidays.
children:Determined to help Santa get ready for his merry rounds of gift-giving, a team of special elves wrangles in more reindeer and much-needed holiday magic.
horror:With his desperate parents in tow, an 11-year-old boy with a debilitating illness checks into an isolated clinic to undergo experimental therapy.
drama:In 1901 Spain, Elisa Sánchez Loriga adopts a male identity in order to marry the woman she loves, Marcela Gracia Ibeas. Based on true events.
crime:When three working-class teens enroll in an exclusive private school in Spain, the clash between them and the wealthy students leads to murder.
documentary:A blend of the royal family's intimate recollections and rarely seen home movies pays tribute to Queen Elizabeth II on the eve of her 90th birthday.
drama:When a young newlywed enters the one chamber in her husband’s mansion that’s off-limits, she faces the horrifying consequences of defying the rules.
comedy:In her first special since 2003, Ellen revisits her road to stardom and details the heartfelt – and hilarious – lessons she's learned along the way.
documentary:Trace the overlapping journeys of exceptional women swept up in World War I and hear their tales of bravery on history's front lines.
documentary:Mothers, nurses, soldiers and deportees – these women fought against persecution for freedom and survival amid the turbulence of World War II.
documentary:From Asia, Africa and Latin America, five women share extraordinary stories of strength and determination in the face of violence and inequality.
children:When Blitzen suddenly retires, a miniature horse determined to join Santa's reindeer team faces fierce competition in the North Pole tryouts.
documentary:Then and now footage of bit players who appeared in Star Wars tells the story of how the film and its legions of fans changed their lives forever.
horror:A suburban couple hires a new sitter to watch their three kids for the night, unaware that the young woman isn't who she claims to be.
comedy:A bank hires an enigmatic and unorthodox debt collector to recover money from four borrowers who are unable to pay their loans.
documentary:Between scenes from his concert in São Paulo's Theatro Municipal, rapper and activist Emicida celebrates the rich legacy of Black Brazilian culture.
romance:After landing her dream job in Paris, Chicago marketing exec Emily Cooper embraces her adventurous new life while juggling work, friends and romance.
children:Science-loving host Emily Calandrelli makes STEAM fun with activities, demonstrations and at-home experiments that'll make you think — and blow your mind!
drama:In 1950s Makassar, the life of a devoted mother is upended when another woman enters her husband's life.
drama:Expelled from private school for attempted suicide, emo Ethan enters the world of Seymour High and meets a cute Christian who's ready to convert him.
other:Two pairs of contestants go head-to-head for several rounds, deciphering puzzles and messages comprised of emojis for a chance at a $10,000 prize.
documentary:Interviews with scholars and dramatic reenactments bring to life the origins and history-making achievements of the world's greatest ancient empires.
documentary:This documentary explores the extent to which our sense of smell directs our survival instincts and enriches our sensual experiences.
comedy:Warehouse workers Vince and Zack compete in a full-on war to be named Employee of the Month and win a date with their dream girl.
international:This fictional series tells the stories of what happens to people when they feel caged in, whether physically, psychologically or emotionally.
drama:After accidentally killing a young mobster, a guilt-stricken police officer searches for the parents who never came forward to claim their son's body.
other:This documentary series tries to get at the root of some of the most heinous crimes ever committed by deranged, cold-blooded criminals.
documentary:Facing an inevitable outcome, terminally ill patients meet extraordinary medical practitioners seeking to change our approach to life and death.
action:Officers Taylor and Zavala patrol the streets of South Central Los Angeles, an area of the city ruled by gangs and riddled with drug violence.
crime:Siblings separated as children who no longer recognize each other are pitted against each other in a war involving drugs, crime and betrayal.
other:When a humdrum academic spots his double in a movie, he launches a search that leads him to a small-time actor who looks exactly like him.
international:Three engineering students deal with dorm drama, date around, and do whatever it takes to make their dreams come true.
comedy:After his brother dies, wealthy Vikram reluctantly returns to India and forms a surprise bond with his orphaned nephew and the showgirl raising him.
comedy:Live from Hamburg, Iranian-German comedian Enissa Amani shares her take on German engineering, tax deductions and online fan-mail etiquette.
documentary:This documentary digs deep to recount the saga of the superstar self-help guru convicted of negligent homicide in the deaths of three followers.
action:While searching for her missing mother, intrepid teen Enola Holmes uses her sleuthing skills to outsmart big brother Sherlock and help a runaway lord.
international:When the children of two families become friends, they begin to unravel a horrific crime in the past that already linked their fathers to each other.
drama:After his ailing father makes a shocking confession, a desperately depressed man sets out to find the woman he believes will change his destiny.
documentary:What is anime? Through deep-dives with notable masterminds of this electrifying genre, this fast-paced peek behind the curtain seeks to find the answers.
action:Recruited by a British agent, Shaolin master Lee infiltrates a remote island and a brutal martial arts tournament to spy on a sinister crime lord.
action:An avid gamer is magically transported to ancient China, where he must become a warrior in order to save the princess from an evil warlord.
other:Hoping to create an American version of their hit British sitcom, two screenwriters run into cultural obstacles, starting with the lead character.
drama:Two young lovers depart from the norm simply by having romantic feelings for each other in a society where humans have been relieved of all emotions.
children:In an alternate universe Equestria, the ponies have become teenage girls who must learn what it means to be human while attending Canterlot High.
action:In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death.
international:Haunted by visions after her sister vanished with her classmates 21 years before, Astrid begins an investigation that uncovers the dark, eerie truth.
anime:Satoru Fujinuma can travel back in time to save others' lives. When he wakes up 18 years in the past, he has a chance to save his murdered classmates.
comedy:Eric Andre takes the stage in New Orleans and tackles flawed fast-food icons, the wonders of autofill and the bizarre choice for the Cops theme song.
comedy:In a madcap stage play from Monty Python icon Eric Idle, comic greats perform the decline and fall of the British Empire ... as told through a piano.
horror:A brutal blacksmith tortures a demon he blames for his misery, unaware a trespassing orphan is about to change everything. Based on Basque folklore.
children:An eccentric game designer builds a library full of traps and tricks for a group of kids who score the chance to navigate his elaborate scavenger hunt.
comedy:Artistic rebellion ignites at the movies when film characters suddenly speak freely to the audience, prompting a surly censor to combat the uprising.
action:After her husband reveals he's an undercover Mossad agent, an Egyptian woman and their children are taken to Israel, prompting an urgent rescue mission.
documentary:Revisit the emotional bouts and memorable highlights from the past two decades in this special celebrating esteemed TV show Fútbol de Primera.
comedy:"Cora has three sons and a daughter and she´s almost 80. One day during a family reunion the big question comes up: who will be her heir?"
drama:An ill and addled man recalls what seems to be a brief but powerful past romance with a kindred spirit, a young Russian woman who lived a lonely life.
international:After the deities Bai Qian and Ye Hua meet and fall in love, their romance stands the test of three lifetimes — each an epic in its own right.
international:While investigating a brutal string of deaths, a detective begins to suspect that mind control may have played a part in the murders.
international:A group of individuals in Istanbul transcend sociocultural boundaries and find connection as their fears and wishes intertwine.
international:In 1940s Port Said, Kariman finds comfort and solace in the arms of an unhappily married man, who also happens to be her abusive husband's brother.
drama:An entrepreneur prone to partying and his estranged brother, a teacher resigned to a humdrum life, begin to bond under fragile circumstances.
international:Singers from all over Europe represent their countries in an international showdown and vie for superstar glory.
comedy:Two small-town singers chase their pop star dreams at a global music competition, where high stakes, scheming rivals and onstage mishaps test their bond.
children:God summons narcissistic Evan to build an ark in preparation for a flood. Meanwhile, Evan's family interprets his new hobby as a midlife crisis.
action:Fifteen years after the Second Impact, apathetic teen Shinji joins his father's group NERV to fight the Angels. But the truth may destroy them all.
documentary:Interviews with global policymakers and girls in Gambia and Kenya detail the horrors of female genital mutilation and the growing efforts to end it.
documentary:Haunted by the suicide of a brother, a director and his kin walk across the U.K. in an emotionally trying, visually sublime journey toward healing.
drama:While making a film about the incursion of Christopher Columbus in the New World, a director finds the Bolivian locals protesting modern exploitation.
drama:When her son comes out to her as gay, a religious mother struggles to reconcile his truth with her own beliefs and their orthodox family values.
horror:After a signal is received from a long-missing spaceship, a rescue ship investigates, but the crew soon realizes something unimaginable has happened.
children:"The kids of fairy-tale characters attend a school with two cliques: those who accept their fairy-tale destinies and those who want to write their own."
drama:After a paramedic’s violent death during a weekend trip, his spirit inhabits his friends’ bodies in an effort to save them from a similar fate.
drama:Journeying back to her small Spanish hometown for her sister's wedding, Laura must grapple with long-buried secrets when her daughter is abducted.
drama:While patiently waiting for her boyfriend to come out of his coma, Audrey finds herself falling for the caring and successful Ethan.
other:Materials scientist Mark Miodownik takes us into the world of everyday objects that make our lives more comfortable than those of our ancestors.
comedy:A hard-driving real estate tycoon who becomes ill with cancer hires a medical caretaker who helps her begin to mend fences with her estranged son.
comedy:It's 1996 in a town called Boring, where high school misfits in the AV and drama clubs brave the ups and downs of teenage life in the VHS era.
drama:A forensic psychologist partners with a Catholic priest-in-training to investigate miracles and demonic possession in this supernatural drama.
crime:This baffling true crime story starts with the grisly death of a pizza man who robs a bank with a bomb around his neck – and gets weirder from there.
comedy:After two community college geology professors discover microscopic alien life-forms on a meteorite, the military and government become involved.
comedy:When caste differences throw a wrench into their otherwise blossoming relationship, a couple must somehow convince the girl’s father to let them marry.
drama:A coder at a tech company wins a week-long retreat at the compound of his company's CEO, where he's tasked with testing a new artificial intelligence.
international:"Still haunted by the traumatic event that ended her high school romance, a young professional gets a new subordinate: her former sweetheart."
crime:Allegations of child sexual abuse in Spain's Catholic institutions are examined in interviews with survivors, clergy, journalists and other experts.
international:Young journalists working for a magazine juggle careers, romance and other challenges while reporting on social issues and news stories in Malaysia.
action:When terrorists hijack a 747 and turn it into a nerve gas bomb aimed at Washington, D.C., commandos use an experimental plane to try to stop them.
drama:After years apart, a former couple reunites and gets reacquainted with the pains of love as they work to heal wounds from the past.
crime:This true crime series shows how innocent people have been convicted with dubious forensic techniques and tools such as touch DNA and cadaver dogs.
documentary:Featuring interviews with participants on all sides, this documentary questions Norway and the West's protracted military involvement in Afghanistan.
comedy:When James's living situation turns sour, he has little choice but to move in with his new girlfriend – a decision he almost immediately regrets.
action:Maverick cop Orin Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally in gangster Latrell Walker to take down a group of dirty Detroit cops.
documentary:Cinematographers visit the remote forests and mountains of China in hopes of capturing footage of pandas, monkeys, red-crowned cranes and more.
documentary:A filmmaker and his musician girlfriend attempt an epic road trip with their dog, traveling across North America in a refurbished school bus.
action:In the wake of a global catastrophe, the human survivors are uploaded into a cyber network, but someone or something is infiltrating the system.
documentary:This enlightening series from Vox digs into a wide range of topics such as the rise of cryptocurrency, why diets fail, and the wild world of K-pop.
action:Mistakenly accused of kidnapping, a veteran soldier leaves a trail of broken bad guys in his wake as he tries to rescue a teen sex trafficking victim.
action:Plagued by dreams of an alien invasion, a family man faces his worst nightmare when an extraterrestrial force begins exterminating Earth's inhabitants.
action:A hardened mercenary's mission becomes a soul-searching race to survive when he's sent into Bangladesh to rescue a drug lord's kidnapped son.
crime:A model high school student who's steeped in a world of serious crime finds his double life upended when a classmate takes an interest in his secret.
other:Grasping hungrily for stardom, bit actor Andy Millman and his pal Maggie spend their days chasing after work as film and TV extras.
international:An engaged couple travels the world for a year to explore marriage customs in diverse cultures. Will the journey bring them closer or tear them apart?
drama:Single mother Liz falls for Ted Bundy and refuses to believe the truth about his crimes for years. A drama based on a true story.
documentary:Witness the wrenching emotions that accompany end-of-life decisions as doctors, patients and families in a hospital ICU face harrowing choices.
drama:A cartel boss is released from prison and unknowingly put in the care of a vengeful nurse, whose life was tragically impacted by the drug lord.
comedy:A clarinet player who lives with his grandparents in a small village is forced to move to Istanbul, where he meets a singer enjoying sudden fame.
comedy:Hüseyin has found his father, and now has one more mission – to get together with the girl of his dreams, with a little help from his new friend.
comedy:Life is tough for Hüseyin after marrying his true love. He works day and night to support his growing family, while singer Firuzan copes with fame.
crime:A young man framed for a crime escapes a prison sentence by faking his own death and assuming a new identity as he seeks revenge.
international:Two brothers start a new life in Singapore, where they run into a childhood friend who falls in love with the elder while attracting the younger.
comedy:Follow the Murphy family back to the 1970s, when kids roamed wild, beer flowed freely and nothing came between a man and his TV.
comedy:Maddy and Cole were inseparable before high school. Then she got popular; he didn't. But after Maddy is betrayed, she and Cole reunite – to ruin prom.
children:Venturing into the woods, high schooler James discovers an intelligent robot that he must save from the hands of a businessman with an evil scheme.
comedy:Fabrizio Copano takes audience participation to the next level in this stand-up set while reflecting on sperm banks, family WhatsApp groups and more.
international:Cameras follow the banter and bonding between four fun-loving women from Bollywood’s inner circle as they juggle professions, family and friendship.
drama:Two former friends, who now live far apart, learn about each other's insecurities and secrets over a series of video chats.
comedy:Irrepressible French comedian Fadily Camara weaves jokes, vivid characters and physical comedy into a lively stand-up show at La Cigale in Paris.
anime:When four young wizards team up to take jobs across the kingdom, they forge a bond more powerful than any magic and grow stronger with every mission.
comedy:After shattering losses, a recent divorcée and a heartbroken widower restore their lives when they partner for a dance competition to save her studio.
other:Fiona Bruce and Philip Mould use investigative skills and scientific techniques to determine if paintings are real or just impressive forgeries.
comedy:Stand-up comic Fakkah Fuzz mines cross-cultural humor from the experience of growing up as an outspoken Malay man in Singapore.
action:A young man enlists the help of his friends to avenge his uncle's death by taking on a powerful, unscrupulous politician.
comedy:Following a night of hard partying that left their tycoon boss dead, four women try to keep it a secret in hopes of closing a billion-dollar deal.
international:The head of a struggling ad agency finds herself torn between a hotshot executive and a kind stranger – not realizing they're the same person.
other:A tough homicide cop faces his most dangerous assignment when he must stop a murderous evil spirit who can move from one host to the next.
crime:A Swedish detective and her timid British colleague's attempt to solve a gruesome murder case nets mixed results and miscommunication.
comedy:When a San Francisco exec wins a New Zealand inn, she ditches city life to remodel and flip the rustic property with help from a handsome contractor.
crime:Strangers Diego and Isabel flee their home in Mexico and pretend to be a married couple to escape his drug-dealing enemies and her abusive husband.
international:Playing multiple characters, from lawyer to preacher, Nigerian artist Falz combines cinema with a concert after his successful 2017 end-of-year show.
international:After receiving a bizarre chance to go back in time, a man wakes up to find that his whole life — including the person he married — is different.
drama:An ex-con struggles to take care of his two brothers, a gambling addict and a young man with Down syndrome, after being released from prison.
horror:A former addict moves to a new city with her children for a fresh start, but her struggle soon takes on an unexpected, supernatural dimension.
international:After learning France is about to legalize pot, a down-on-his-luck entrepreneur and his family race to turn their butcher shop into a marijuana café.
children:When the McKellan family moves from Seattle to small-town Georgia, life down South – and traditional grandparents – challenge their big-city ways.
documentary:Follow an 11-year-old boy as he goes from ordinary child to colorful competitor in his quest for a big win at India’s biggest kite-flying festival.
children:Inspired by his idol Omar Abdulrahman, a young boy navigates obstacles as he chases his dream of becoming a professional soccer player.
other:When a successful young rap star has an affair with an obsessive fan, his life is turned upside down when she kidnaps him.
comedy:As a son deals with his own struggles, he must calm his father's obsession with fishing before his outlandish behavior ruins the entire family.
drama:Spunky, lower-caste lad Jabya falls for lovely, upper-caste Shalu. But his family's derided social position proves a stubborn stumbling block to love.
children:Magically transported from far-off Skullbania, a young barbarian teams up with an odd third-grader to protect his homeland from an evil sorcerer.
comedy:The owner of a struggling carnival starts putting on small-time shows to save his wonderland as an old friend asks for help with a magical mission.
action:When a man is arrested on arrival in America because authorities mistake him for a wanted gangster, a new friend tries to help him prove his innocence.
comedy:A beauty expert, a drug dealer and a bungling revolutionary end up in the grips of an extremist group after meeting on a plane to Lebanon.
crime:As four Russian friends grow up in the early '60s, life, love and the curse of success threaten to derail their dreams.
international:French comedy phenom Fary puts a playful spin on questions of identity, culture and more in the first half of an epic two-part stand-up special.
comedy:Armed with sly wit, a fresh outlook and plenty of style, French comedy star Fary veers from dating to stereotypes and beyond in this exclusive special.
drama:A small-town girl finally realizes her dream of becoming a famous supermodel but soon finds there's a price for her glamorous new life.
children:A government agency recruits teen driver Tony Toretto and his thrill-seeking friends to infiltrate a criminal street racing circuit as undercover spies.
other:The drivers of exotic supercars put their street cred on the line against deceptively fast sleeper cars built and modified by true gearheads.
comedy:Finally comfortable in his skin, seasoned comic David A. Arnold shares his talent for doing nothing, how he's petty and why divorce saves marriages.
other:A lawyer is caught in a terrifying game of cat and mouse when a drink with an old friend escalates into an obsession that jeopardizes everyone she loves.
crime:A young man from a humble family is drawn into a life of crime – and soon confronts a determined cop in hot pursuit.
anime:The theft of the Greater Grail from Fuyuki City leads to a splintered timeline in which the Great Holy Grail War is waged on an unprecedented scale.
anime:Hakuno Kishinami finds himself in the midst of a Holy Grail war with no memories of how he got there. Through his confusion, he must fight to survive.
action:Discovering that humanity is facing extinction, a new recruit to the Chaldea Security Organization goes back in time in order to save the future.
anime:High school students Rin and Shiro pair up as allies when they're chosen to compete in a secret tournament for possession of the Holy Grail.
anime:After three unsettled battles for the mystical Holy Grail, an artifact that grants a miracle to those who hold it, a fourth war begins.
other:A modest, compassionate priest doubles as an effective crime solver in this series based on the short stories by G.K. Chesterton.
comedy:A drunken debate between two recent college grads about whose father would win in a fight leads to mayhem when their dads take the challenge seriously.
documentary:After a single father is severely wounded in Afghanistan, he and his sons embark on a journey of sacrifice and a search for redemption.
comedy:Killed too soon due to a clerical error in heaven, a man is sent back to earth with a new lease on life, this time in the body of his portly friend.
crime:A top Israeli agent comes out of retirement to hunt for a Palestinian militant he thought he'd killed, setting a chaotic chain of events into motion.
comedy:A sportswriter and his Samoan lawyer embark on a hallucinogenic three-day romp from Los Angeles to Las Vegas in this counterculture cult favorite.
crime:"Five Mafia families ruled New York with a bloody fist in the 1970s and '80s, until a group of federal agents tried the unthinkable: taking them down."
international:Possessed lovers, witches, haunted houses and more bring tales of horror to the screen in this anthology series.
children:A teen gamer is forced to level up to full-time babysitter when his favorite video game drops three superpowered infants from space into his backyard.
romance:Stand-up comic Mae Martin navigates a passionate, messy new relationship with her girlfriend, George, while dealing with the challenges of sobriety.
documentary:Talking squarely to the hip-hop generation, musicians, athletes and others outline the benefits of exercise, a healthy diet and spiritual wellness.
children:After blowing a Broadway audition, a self-centered dancer reluctantly returns home and agrees to coach a squad of young misfits for a big competition.
comedy:Two live performances, one in English and one in Spanish. No matter the language, Felipe Esparza is muy muy.
comedy:Last Comic Standing winner Felipe Esparza runs riot in his first comedy special with his wry comments on life as a wild man from East Los Angeles.
comedy:YouTube sensation Felipe Neto brings the stories from his autobiographical book Não Faz Sentido! to the stage in this comedy special.
comedy:Felix Lobrecht aims his dark humor at overly polite culture, weird laughter, the sheer awkwardness of a walking baby and more in this stand-up special.
documentary:Revisiting 1970s photos of women that captured a feminist awakening, this film explores those women's lives and examines the continued need for change.
comedy:When an unattractive man gets engaged to a beautiful woman, their families oppose the union and the priest set to perform the ceremony is kidnapped.
comedy:Argentine actor and comedian Fernando Sanjiao uses humor and impersonations to explore the concepts of masculinity and fatherhood in modern times.
comedy:A father winds up involved with a stolen Ferrari as he tries to acquire the money to send his son to the leading cricket academy.
other:Ferris convinces his entire school he's at death's door, then hits the streets of Chicago with his girlfriend and best friend for a day of fun.
international:An all-around nice guy finds himself in a dangerous situation after he makes the ultimate sacrifice for the woman he loves in this drama.
other:This adaptation of the musical chronicles the trials of a Jewish peasant, his wife, and their three strong-willed daughters in pre-revolutionary Russia.
comedy:A gifted young singer becomes an instant sensation on a popular talent show. But her real goal is earning the love of her father, a member of the jury.
drama:In Lagos, Nigeria, four successful women on the verge of 50 take stock of their lives and loves over the course of one week.
comedy:The life of a married 50-year-old doctor turns topsy-turvy when he falls in love with a younger woman and begins to act like a teenager.
international:Juggling careers and families, four ambitious women faced with unique crises weigh the consequences of their choices as they approach turning 50.
children:Quirky little Figaro has a whole alphabet's worth of phobias. These wordless animated shorts follow his many fears from A to Z.
documentary:Actor and fight enthusiast Frank Grillo travels the world, immersing himself in different fight cultures to understand their traditions and motivations.
documentary:In this documentary, passionate high schoolers travel the country and come of age during a turbulent yearlong prep for a national speech competition.
crime:In 19th-century Istanbul, a young police officer investigates crimes and falls in love with the daughter of a wealthy merchant conspiring against him.
documentary:Leon Vitali had a thriving acting career most others would envy. Then he gave it all up to devote himself completely to the vision of Stanley Kubrick.
drama:The level-headed owner of a struggling coffee shop finds his future at risk when his partner – a talented but cocky barista – makes a major bet.
other:After narrowly avoiding a fatal plane explosion, a group of seemingly lucky teen classmates finds that Death is not so easily cheated.
horror:On a road trip with friends, Kimberly has a premonition that saves everyone from a freak accident. More terrifying visions prompt her to seek help.
horror:When a girl prevents her premonition of a deadly roller-coaster mishap from coming true, the survivors must face the consequences of cheating death.
international:A father and son rekindle their bond through the online role-playing game Final Fantasy XIV in this live-action series based on a true story.
international:After a woman is very publicly left at the altar, the PR expert hired to fix the situation winds up falling in love with her.
international:A determined entrepreneur navigates a love triangle between a young charmer and an older executive, leading her down an unconventional path to love.
drama:On an emotional journey in Morocco, an entrepreneur pieces together the turbulent life of his estranged mother and meets her adopted daughter.
documentary:Heartbreak, hope and nostalgia collide in this complex portrait of Lampedusa, a Mediterranean island where thousands of migrants land each year.
documentary:As California's 2016 fire season rages, brave backcountry firefighters race to put out the flames, protect homes and save lives in this docuseries.
documentary:In this documentary, survivors recall the catastrophic 2018 Camp Fire, which razed the town of Paradise and became California’s deadliest wildfire.
documentary:Dylan Mohan Gray examines Africa's AIDS crisis and activists' battle with pharmaceutical companies to make life-saving HIV drugs more affordable.
drama:While she successfully advocates for her female clients in difficult divorce cases, a lawyer’s trauma from sexual assault impacts her own marriage.
drama:Grappling with love and loss in their respective lives, two estranged brothers must confront their traumatic, unresolved past when they cross paths.
other:Sharing valuable lessons in fire safety for preschoolers, Fireman Sam and his animated crew from Pontypandy, Wales, are ready for any emergency.
other:The first of its kind in UHD 4K, with the clearest picture available, a real fireplace sparks and crackles, adding warmth and atmosphere to any home.
other:For the first time in 4K Ultra-HD, everyone's favorite Yuletide fireplace snaps and crackles in crystal clear, high-def holiday warmth.
anime:Middle schooler Nazuna desperately wants to run away with her classmate Norimichi, who somehow turns back time on this fateful summer's day.
documentary:Take an intimate look at the emotionally charged first and last days of new and soon-to-be released inmates at Georgia's Gwinnett County Jail.
comedy:Unaware they’ve matched online, a struggling writer embellishes his lifestyle to impress a successful exec with whom he sparks an unexpected romance.
action:A stock broker brings his young son back to the town where he grew up for a hunting trip, but things take a dangerous turn when they witness a crime.
drama:A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival – her sketchy aunt.
drama:A chance encounter soon intertwines the lives of a reserved businessman and a vibrant photographer who is living with a grave heart condition.
drama:A tenacious high school girl raised in foster homes in the inner city tries to reconnect with her ex-con father by joining a boys wrestling team.
documentary:Follow renowned soccer club Juventus on and off the pitch as they attempt to win a seventh straight Italian title and achieve Champions League glory.
drama:A 5-year-old girl embarks on a harrowing quest for survival amid the sudden rise and terrifying reign of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia.
horror:A young couple fights supernatural foes in an attempt to save their daughter from the dark and mysterious forces that follow her every move.
comedy:Sea shanties have long united 10 Cornish fishermen, but when their chants sail to the music charts, their friendship is kept at bay.
documentary:In this exploration of the life-changing power of the ocean, six people from very different backgrounds find purpose and meaning in the sea.
documentary:Harry Dean Stanton narrates this documentary that follows two modern-day cowboys as they welcome new calves at Montana's Fishtail Basin Ranch.
children:Fishtronaut, Marina and Zeek travel to the big city in search of Grandpa, only to find that everyone else has mysteriously vanished too.
international:In this reality series, physique meets fashion as contestants compete in challenges to transform both body and image for the grand prize of $100,000.
drama:A young artist falls for an aristocratic young woman whose bitter mother has trained her in the art of breaking hearts.
documentary:Top athletes from around the globe test their fitness in a four-day competition at the first-ever CrossFit Sanctional event. Let the games begin.
documentary:Five acclaimed contemporary directors tell the story of five legendary Hollywood filmmakers who enlisted in the armed forces to document World War II.
action:When five ninjas whose fighting styles are based on natural elements unleash their fury on a rival school, a lone survivor vows deadly revenge.
drama:After his wife dies in a car accident, a grief-stricken man visits his estranged mother-in-law in Maine, where they try to help each other heal.
other:A team of skilled contractors and designers hosted by Antonio Sabato Jr. renovates houses, cabins and even RVs, transforming properties in one day.
drama:Fiza's brother disappears during Mumbai's horrifying 1993 riots. Each day, Fiza and her widowed mother hope that he will return.
comedy:In his funky California beach enclave, Chip's the go-to guy for personal insights. But he isn't quite as enlightened when it comes to his own baggage.
drama:A college professor goes up against the giants of the auto industry when they fail to give him credit for inventing intermittent windshield wipers.
documentary:Delve into the delectable world of Chaoshan cuisine, explore its unique ingredients and hear the stories of the people behind its creation.
anime:Memories in a bowl of steaming noodles, a fading beauty finding her way and a bittersweet first love – all in these stories of city life in China.
comedy:Nosy family in tow, a fun-loving bachelor goes on a romantic getaway, but he ends up pretending to be married to a complete stranger to avoid trouble.
other:Harrowing and hilarious tests await the brave and foolhardy, as well as the judges, in this comedy game show. If they flinch, they feel the pain.
documentary:Over a two-year period, filmmakers embedded with cops in Flint, Michigan, reveal a department grappling with volatile issues in untenable conditions.
drama:One night in 1959, four young musicians venture from Pasadena to South-Central Los Angeles in the hopes of hearing a living jazz legend play.
other:Teams compete to navigate rooms flooded with lava by leaping from chairs, hanging from curtains and swinging from chandeliers. Yes, really.
children:An ordinary student, who forms an advice club with her friends to help others, gains special powers after a mysterious encounter.
other:Between a troubled marriage, a senile granny and twin siblings constantly in rivalry, a crumbling household struggles to barely keep it together.
action:The emperor's reign of terror expands. Heroic outlaw Ma Teng joins a squad of female rebels, whose leader is torn between family loyalties.
documentary:Aspiring to be an internet celebrity and make big bucks, a filmmaker travels the world to learn the tricks of the trade from social media influencers.
documentary:Follow the reporters at BuzzFeed as they probe topics ranging from quirky internet crazes to safe injection spaces for opioid users.
international:When an aspiring actress hits it big thanks to a candid Instagram post, the lives of several Tokyo women cross as they struggle to define happiness IRL.
documentary:Epicureans and experts trace the migration of Italian cuisine and its evolution in the Americas, delving into the ideas of origin, diaspora and heritage.
anime:Young chef Soma enters the prestigious Totsuki Culinary Academy, where he must emerge victorious in over-the-top cooking battles or face expulsion.
documentary:In this series, TV presenter Michael Mosley and botanist James Wong explore the physics, chemistry and biology inside every bite of food we eat.
international:Familial bonds strain as dramas concerning love, greed, business and generosity simmer across generations.
documentary:This documentary follows 10 men who agree to walk the Camino de Santiago, a 500-mile, 40-day trek that will challenge their strength and faith.
drama:This adaptation of Ntozake Shange's play consists of a series of poetic vignettes that explore the lives of modern African American women.
documentary:As chef Curtis Duffy oversees every aspect of opening his own restaurant, Grace, he recalls his turbulent childhood and difficult adult relationships.
drama:When a vicious war against Catholics is waged in Mexico in the 1920s, a retired general joins the militia fighting to preserve religious freedom.
comedy:A software engineer must decide if he'd rather navigate America's frustrating visa renewal process or simply return to his home country of India.
comedy:When a goofy but likable millionaire discovers his fiancée’s plan to steal his wealth, he devises an unromantic scheme to make her life a living hell.
documentary:A woman with a passion for fowl keeps a menagerie of birds that draws the ire of neighbors, animal rights advocates and even her own family.
drama:In three interwoven stories, love ends up in limbo as romantic partners navigate bliss, loss, failures and feelings while trying to make happiness last.
children:Benji and his owner get separated in Greece. On his quest to find them, he's targeted by various bad guys who want to get their hands on him.
documentary:The son of actor Leonard Nimoy directs this moving look at his father's portrayal of Spock, the iconic Star Trek character he played for 50 years.
other:Frisbee national champion Brodie Smith challenges inventive athletes across the US to an exhibition match in the unconventional sports they've created.
comedy:"Three brothers-in-law join forces to secretly drive away their daughters' undesirable boyfriends: anarchist Álex, bad-boy Dani and playboy Ernesto."
documentary:This documentary chronicles the tragic, true story of Justin Fashanu, the first – and only – openly gay man to have played professional soccer.
action:A pulp-fiction sci-fi classic, Forbidden Planet stars Leslie Nielsen as a heroic starship captain who finds the paradise planet Altair-IV.
action:An ex-cop investigates the death of his best friend and two other spies, killings that lead to a mole operating from India's embassy in Budapest.
other:This dynamic series spans the globe to explain the complex natural forces that govern the planet, from shape and color to motion and the elements.
international:A pair of officers with history navigates clues from the past, false leads and a ticking clock to nab an elusive serial killer who targets young girls.
crime:Detectives and crime lab technicians use the latest and most fascinating procedures to solve crimes in this documentary-style show.
anime:Kai grows up playing an old piano discarded in the woods; Shuhei's father is a famous pianist. Their chance meeting transforms their lives and music.
documentary:In the wake of the plane crash that claimed the lives of 71 people, the Brazilian soccer club Chapecoense seeks to rebuild the team that made history.
documentary:The furor over the addition of two Muslim players to the Beitar Jerusalem soccer club underscores the role of institutionalized racism in Israel.
other:Bladesmiths vie for a cash prize by forging the best metal weapons from the pages of history in this competition series featuring expert judges.
international:Teenage Xue Ming was forced to marry the man who raped her. Years after abandoning her young sons to find a better life, can she escape the guilt?
drama:Threatened by creditors, a newly unemployed man agrees to work for a debt collector, but soon discovers his deal with the devil has unexpected costs.
drama:When his abducted brother returns seemingly a different man with no memory of the past 19 days, Jin-seok chases after the truth behind the kidnapping.
documentary:According to the research of two food scientists, the popularity of processed foods has led to epidemic rates of obesity, diabetes and other diseases.
documentary:Drivers, managers and team owners live life in the fast lane – both on and off the track – during one cutthroat season of Formula 1 racing.
comedy:Actor, comedian and writer Fortune Feimster takes the stage and riffs on her southern roots, sexual awakenings, showbiz career and more.
comedy:A dating couple is forced to spend their first Christmas together visiting each of their four divorced parents – in a single day.
crime:As Havana slowly revolves through the year, wistful detective Mario Conde probes the sultry heart of the city to investigate dark and deadly crimes.
comedy:Four sisters unite to stop their young brother's pending nuptials upon meeting his fiancée’s demanding family, revealing long-simmering family issues.
other:A commitment-phobic Brit tries to reconnect with an alluring American who's about to make a seemingly awful mistake by marrying a wealthy, boring man.
drama:Ted Crawford, who allegedly attempted to murder his wife, is now locked in a battle of wits with a young assistant district attorney.
other:After his wife and injured daughter disappear from an ER, a man conducts a panicked search and becomes convinced the hospital is hiding something.
documentary:A documentary filmmaker chronicles the life and times of his mother, Franca Sozzani, the editor of Italian Vogue and a fashion-world provocateur.
comedy:Determined to make it as a modern dancer in New York, a young woman pursues her unlikely goal with more enthusiasm than natural talent.
comedy:Taking the stage in Milan, Francesco De Carlo opens up about his bad habits, religion, politics and what he's learned from traveling the world.
comedy:Comedian Franco Escamilla shares stories about parenting his children when they get into trouble, with reflections on gender, friendship and romance.
comedy:Mexican stand-up comedian Franco Escamilla draws his jokes from real-life experiences – and he's willing to do anything for new material.
drama:A talented Las Vegas chef falls in love with an aspiring fashion designer but turns violently jealous when he realizes that she's hiding dark secrets.
documentary:Frank was a rising pop star when he married Cindy, but decades of dashed dreams and alcoholism have left the pair struggling to find happiness.
international:In his farewell show, legendary German host Frank Elstner digs deep and savors his discussions with stars such as Daniel Brühl and Lena Meyer-Landrut.
comedy:When actor David Harbour finds lost footage of his father's disastrous televised stage play of a literary classic, he uncovers shocking family secrets.
other:Frasier Crane is a snooty but lovable Seattle psychiatrist who dispenses advice on his call-in radio show while ignoring it in his own relationships.
comedy:A freshman uninterested in joining a fraternity is convinced to pledge by a rich roommate who introduces him to a world darker than he ever dreamed.
comedy:Forced to attend a new high school, a glamorous teen navigates hostile territory before taking a stand by running for homecoming queen.
other:Hidden away by her eccentric father, a mysterious young girl uncovers frightening truths when she starts to make contact with the outside world.
drama:Tipped by a mysterious tramp, a meek fry cook discovers she has superpowers — and kindred spirits — and uncovers an unsavory, widespread conspiracy.
other:For an audience of drummers, comedian Fred Armisen shares and demonstrates his thoughts on musical genres, drummer quirks, regional accents and more.
children:The holiday season is ruined for Santa Claus when his cranky older brother – a repo man with a sizable rap sheet – visits him at the North Pole.
action:A sketchy arms transaction in a deserted warehouse turns into a free-for-all when the two sides engage in a take-no-prisoners shootout.
other:A 15-year-old from LA spends the summer at her mom's childhood home on an island off the coast of England, where she bonds with a mysterious horse.
children:As Bright Fields preps for its Mistletoe Ball, a broken ornament leads Zoe to a family secret, while Gaby finds herself at the mercy of new boss Mia.
children:Love is in the air as Zoe and friends go on a quest to find a fabled Maid's Stone. But when rivalry blinds them to danger, it's Raven to the rescue!
action:A Mississippi farmer turns outlaw as he leads a ragtag band of fellow Civil War deserters and escaped slaves in a rebellion against the Confederacy.
children:Ordered to clean up the graffiti he painted at a marine theme park, a troubled young boy unexpectedly bonds with a killer whale on exhibit.
drama:Jailed after becoming entangled in the murder of a cop, a prisoner assembles a team of inmates to hatch a plan for making a getaway.
comedy:Local rivals gear up to compete in a traditional game that tests their physical strength and endurance, but complications disrupt their training.
documentary:Take in the true account of drug kingpin Freeway Rick Ross's empire and how the CIA helped him fuel America's  devastating crack cocaine epidemic.
comedy:When climate change makes Egypt freeze over, intelligence officers pose as a film crew on location to seek a device that can eliminate the frost.
drama:An aimless, unemployed millennial hangs out with his pals and resists growing up, until an affair with his best friend's girl forces him to change.
comedy:With only her mother's diary and a locket as clues, a South African woman travels to Paris in search of the long-lost sibling she never knew she had.
crime:A detective seizes a precious opportunity to change the past when she finds she can communicate with her deceased, estranged father via a time warp.
drama:A devout preacher's son leaves his protective home to begin college and meets a self-reliant student who will test his faith and his heart.
crime:Eager to make his name in 19th-century Vienna, a hungry young Sigmund Freud joins a psychic and an inspector to solve a string of bloody mysteries.
documentary:This docuseries dives into the cutthroat world of Texas youth football, where kids face grueling demands and pressure from coaches and parents to win.
horror:A group of teenage camp counselors raises the ire of Jason Voorhees, a masked, homicidal maniac, in this remake of the classic slasher flick.
horror:A popular college student's love of social media becomes her biggest regret when a mysterious account marks each of her friends for a grisly demise.
other:This hit sitcom follows the merry misadventures of six 20-something pals as they navigate the pitfalls of work, life and love in 1990s Manhattan.
romance:Twenty years after graduation, a tight-knit group of college friends reconnects and discovers that love hasn't gotten easier with age.
action:Best friends since childhood, a righteous cop and a lawyer who represents criminals in court become rivals when they fall for the same woman.
comedy:To celebrate the memory of their pal who passed away, three estranged friends attempt to reconnect on an eventful road trip from Abu Dhabi to Beirut.
other:Bank-robbing brothers encounter vengeful lawmen and demons south of the border in this original series based on Robert Rodriguez' cult horror film.
children:After his wife relocates to her home country of Japan, an Egyptian man – and father of two rambunctious kids – tries to win her back.
documentary:Werner Herzog chronicles the devastating consequences of texting and driving. The film examines how lives can be forever altered by a trivial text.
action:A low-level intelligence agent gets pulled into action and espionage above his pay grade when he's ordered to assist a trigger-happy senior agent.
documentary:Follow the grueling training regimen of Rich Froning Jr. as he sets his sights on winning an unprecedented fourth CrossFit Games title.
drama:When a new, deadly narcotic sweeps the American Southwest, a Border Patrol agent must contend with a task force that challenges his duties and morals.
international:In 18th-century North America, ruthless trappers and entrepreneurs fight to wrest control of the fur trade from the mighty Hudson's Bay Company.
other:Go on a journey through the Arctic and Antarctic with this visually stunning program that explores these wildernesses and their inhabitants.
other:David Attenborough journeys to both polar regions to investigate what rising temperatures will mean for the people and wildlife that live there.
other:Collecting highlights from the epic documentary series that explores the entire polar year and the inhabitants, from the north to the south.
drama:On a Mohawk reservation on the Canadian border, Ray Eddy teams with a widowed tribe member to smuggle illegal immigrants into the United States.
drama:This dramatic rendering of a real-life tragedy recounts the final hours of Oscar Grant, shot by San Francisco transit police on New Year's Day, 2009.
crime:A domestic abuse survivor orchestrates an elaborate deception to protect her family from her powerfully wealthy husband and his vindictive enemies.
action:Four young male friends tackle the challenges and unexpected catastrophes of growing up clueless in this music-packed Bollywood teen drama.
children:A troublemaking trio dreams big, plays hard and stirs up all sorts of classroom mischief in this animated spinoff of the popular Hindi film franchise.
children:After a foreboding dream about aliens comes true, a fun-loving trio must prevent human intelligence from being stolen from planet Earth.
children:When tragic events force an aspiring baseball player to forgo his big league dreams and return home, saving the family farm grants him renewed purpose.
children:After a debilitating accident ends her Olympic dreams, gymnast Ariana Berlin finds recovery and hope in the world of hip-hop and college athletics.
children:With a championship on the line, Chayse and her gymnastics team look to a local break-dancer for all the right moves to rise above their competition.
comedy:The Tanner family’s adventures continue as DJ Tanner-Fuller shares a home with her sister Stephanie and friend Kimmy who help raise her three boys.
action:While alchemist Edward Elric searches for a way to restore his brother Al's body, the military government and mysterious monsters are watching closely.
anime:After both suffer physical damage – brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces to try to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime.
comedy:Four preschool moms with little in common need a night out to take a break from their kids. But one thing leads to another, and things get rowdy.
drama:Separated from their young son during the brutal Khmer Rouge revolution, a couple must find ways to endure while searching for their child.
documentary:This documentary explores the challenging, transformative world of high-intensity fitness programs through the eyes of the people who've embraced them.
drama:A student must navigate issues of sexuality, identity and family amid Sri Lanka's social turmoil of the 1970s and 1980s.
action:When traffickers kidnap her daughter from their village, vengeful Hai Phuong returns to Saigon – and her outlaw roots – to take down the abductors.
drama:Kyle helps people disappear, but when a crazed killer starts hunting down his latest client, he has to decide what he's willing to do to keep her safe.
crime:Strange occurrences afflict a group of people after they purchase items on a shopping website from the future.
documentary:The Fyre Festival was billed as a luxury music experience on a posh private island, but it failed spectacularly in the hands of a cocky entrepreneur.
drama:Upon his return to Istanbul, an expat writer-editor finds himself stranded inside a web of tangled relationships after his filmmaker friend vanishes.
children:When a billionaire sets out to take over the world, only one special forces unit can handle the job – a squad of highly trained guinea pigs.
action:Carpet dealer and UFO photo forger Arif is abducted by aliens. On the planet Gora, he helps friends escape from a meteorite strike and find freedom.
comedy:When his jealous sister plots to wreck his engagement, a young man does everything he can to protect his betrothed from her devious schemes.
action:After a vengeful college professor targets corruption in the government, he adopts the name Gabbar and becomes a hero to a weary public.
children:Cute cats, quirky crafts and colorful magic! Join kitty enthusiast Gabby and her sidekick Pandy Paws as they team up for a series of animated adventures.
comedy:Gabriel Fluffy Iglesias discusses his teenage son and encounters with Snoop Dogg, Chris Rock and Vicente Fernández in this stand-up special for 2019.
drama:In a drama based on a true story, Brazilian backpacker Gabriel Buchmann spends his gap year exploring Africa. Why does he die in the Malawi mountains?
comedy:Hawaiian-shirt enthusiast Gabriel Fluffy Iglesias finds the laughs in racist gift baskets, Prius-driving cops and all-female taco trucks.
international:Three young, aspiring Indian rappers make their way in a cutthroat music industry, dreaming of fame, stardom and ultimate hip-hop domination .
comedy:In his first English-language special, comedian Gad Elmaleh gleefully digs into America's food obsessions, dating culture, slang and more.
comedy:French comic Gad Elmaleh regales a Montreal crowd with tales of awkward mix-ups and baffling customs he's encountered since moving to the U.S.
drama:An Indian man who has become a major business mogul in Canada must return to his homeland where he's reviled due to being wrongly branded a traitor.
documentary:Follow pop provocateur Lady Gaga as she releases a new album, preps for her Super Bowl halftime show, and confronts physical and emotional struggles.
drama:This biopic of Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin follows his rise from childhood poverty to his selection and training for the 1961 Vostok mission.
action:In a time of legend, Galavant the knight embarks on a quest to save his fair lady and become a hero in this tongue-in-cheek musical comedy.
drama:Sparks fly between the new girl at school and the misfit with a passion for music. Yet the world threatens to put a stop to their innocent love song.
international:A tycoon accuses three strangers of killing his daughter but mysteriously dies before he can expose them, sparking a tangled hunt for the real culprit.
children:Worlds collide in this special event featuring familiar faces, surprise cameos and stories of spirited competition from four different comedy series.
comedy:A woman ends up working at the same nightclub as her son’s girlfriend — who she doesn’t like — and tries to break up their relationship.
horror:As a series of murders hit close to home, a video game designer with post-traumatic stress must confront her demons, or risk becoming their victim.
horror:As a series of murders hit close to home, a video game designer with post-traumatic stress must confront her demons, or risk becoming their victim.
horror:As a series of murders hit close to home, a video game designer with PTSD must confront her demons, or risk becoming their victim.
action:Three buddies with big dreams go from underachieving slackers to badass warriors when their posh hotel is taken over by terrorists.
international:An army deserter hiding out in a small coastal town becomes the coach of a youth baseball team and develops warm relationships in his new community.
international:In this recut of the popular web series, live-stream gamer Cairo calls for a rematch after losing to newcomer Gavreel — and an online romance blooms.
drama:Disillusioned by life in 1970s France, a West Indian expatriate named Jimmy joins a gang of idealistic robbers, but betrayal and violence soon follow.
drama:Posted to a small, crime-ridden town, a cop soon learns that cleaning up the system also means confronting the corruption among police and politicians.
international:Training a keen eye on hot-button political topics, this variety show features stand-up comedy, sketches and sarcastic celebrity impersonations.
drama:In the crime-ridden slums of New York in the 1860s, vengeful orphan Amsterdam Vallon joins the cutthroat gang of his father's killer, Bill the Butcher.
action:Teams of recently deceased people who've been revived and given high-tech weapons must cooperate to defeat an army of monsters in Tokyo and Osaka.
drama:The lives of a fundamentalist online troll and a woman reeling from a sex tape gone viral become dangerously intertwined in this provocative thriller.
documentary:As corrupt governments fail to stop the slaughter of elephants for ivory, an 80-year-old woman and a crew of rangers bravely try to end the poaching.
children:After trying to live in the real world and concluding it isn't for him, Garfield must return to his comic-strip home before getting trapped forever.
children:Garfield has long been the champ at a yearly competition for the funniest comic strip. But this time, Garfield must battle tall, handsome Ramone.
children:When an alien menace and her army of undead minions threaten to enslave the world, Garfield heads a team of comic-strip superheroes to save the day.
other:Garfunkel and Oates put on a surprise-filled show in Seattle in hopes of raising enough money to make their own comedy special.
anime:After falling through a wormhole, a space-dwelling teen mecha pilot awakes to find himself amid the inhabitants of a strange planet called ... Earth.
documentary:Revealing interviews and archive footage tell the story of Garth Brooks' humble beginnings, rise to fame and unprecedented impact on country music.
children:A determined boy will do anything to become a great soccer player, despite the wishes of his grandfather.
children:A young soccer player sets out to prove he can lead his team to a championship – but being a winner is about more than just talent.
action:When a zealous gang leader plans to take out a friend-turned-rival for control of his turf, internal tensions complicate the battle to be the boss.
drama:The night spins sinisterly out of control when incompetent kidnappers hold a club-hopping record exec and a socialite for ransom in this dark comedy.
horror:Developers looking for a location to build a resort on Saipan stumble into a subterranean bunker from WWII where an evil force lies in wait.
drama:A Punjabi woman who works on a farm must endure the difficulties of living in an oppressive class-based society and a dysfunctional community.
drama:Despite growing up with traits that set her apart from her peers, a young adopted girl discovers her gift when she takes an interest in spelling bees.
international:Singer-songwriter Gen Hoshino takes the stage at the sold out Tokyo Dome in his highly anticipated 2019 Pop Virus dome tour.
documentary:Katie Couric explores our evolving understanding of gender identity, speaking with transgender and intersex individuals about their experiences.
documentary:New-generation bodybuilding stars – including Rich Piana, Kai Greene and Calum von Moger – share their experiences competing in the demanding sport.
documentary:Bodybuilders come together from around the world to compete in the Mr. Olympia competition and try to achieve their goals of physical perfection.
drama:Extreme pressure from his father to excel at school during childhood has dangerous psychological effects on a brilliant but suicidal man’s adult life.
other:Historian Bettany Hughes travels to India, Greece and China to explore the lives and times of Buddha, Socrates and Confucius.
other:Historian Bettany Hughes explores the intellectual landscapes that helped shape the work of Karl Marx, Friedrich Nietzsche and Sigmund Freud.
comedy:The Morales cousins scramble to save their grandfather's taco shop — and pursue their own dreams — as gentrification shakes up their LA neighborhood.
crime:Now on the run, a writer relates his previous year's escapades when he got sucked into the thrilling, sordid orbit of boxer and jazz man Henry Morgan.
comedy:Comedian George Lopez tackles the future and the past of Latinx culture in America, touching on immigration, his tough relatives, aging and much more.
children:Now married and raising a son, clumsy ape-man George finds his jungle kingdom in peril as Really Mean Lion challenges him for the throne.
horror:When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie – handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house – faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice.
children:With the help of brainy and adventurous sidekicks, New Mouse City's favorite journalist investigates mysteries that take him around the world,
other:In a secret act of skillful revenge, four private school classmates team up and work together to expose a string of schoolwide injustices.
comedy:Ambitious young record company intern Aaron must escort an unruly rock star to Los Angeles for the start of his anniversary concert.
international:When he returns from vacation and finds his home occupied by squatters, a family man is caught in a conflict that escalates to terrifying heights.
documentary:Examine the rise, fall and rebirth of political operative Roger Stone, who's been an influential member of Team Trump for decades.
other:Expert home organizers Clea and Joanna help celebrities and everyday clients edit, categorize and contain their clutter to create stunning spaces.
children:When Santa gets arrested for trespassing after crashing his sleigh, it's up to a father-son team to spring him from jail and save Christmas.
crime:Organized crime enforcer Miles Daly strives to reinvent himself as a Hollywood filmmaker in this satire based on Elmore Leonard's best-selling novel.
action:When the identities of secret agents are compromised, hapless Maxwell Smart teams with far more capable Agent 99 to thwart an evil terrorist group.
international:Professional burglar and blowtorch expert Víctor is recruited by the Russian mafia to break into a vault as part of an elaborate bank heist.
comedy:Tired of dealing with boyfriends who wrong them, gal pals Lauren, Emily and Andrea decide to turn the tables and become the players themselves.
comedy:When the father of a boy with Down syndrome resists his neighbors' efforts to have the child institutionalized, miraculous events begin to occur.
comedy:"Former con artist Sanju surrounds himself with the finer things, a blissful life troubled by only one thing: his wife, who wants even more."
action:Framed for his older brother's murder, a boxer seeks violent revenge against the true killer who's torn his family apart.
horror:While visiting the site of a supernatural shrine in the Thai countryside, a vacationing couple unwittingly upsets a vengeful demon.
anime:After a global financial crisis, the world is engulfed in an AI-driven sustainable war. It's up to Section 9 to counter new forms of cyber threats.
documentary:An international group of filmmakers sets out on a mission to get up close and personal with a family of elusive snow leopards.
action:World War IV is over, but a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization.
children:Two kids and their pet dog (aka the Ghost Patrol) get a call about an old manor and soon find they are investigating their first real haunted house.
action:After selling his soul to save a loved one, daredevil biker Johnny Blaze pays the price by becoming a flame-skulled bounty hunter for Mephistopheles.
horror:The directors of Emmy-nominated Lust Stories (Zoya Akhtar, Anurag Kashyap, Dibakar Banerjee and Karan Johar) reunite for this quartet of thrillers.
action:As Motoko and Batou attempt to thwart a mysterious terrorist group, Togusa tracks the killer of a man with a prosthetic leg made by Mermaid's Leg.
other:Two history buffs with an eye for valuables traverse through forgotten mines and abandoned landmarks in the wild, wild West to score collectibles.
action:Freed of her responsibilities for the 501 Organization, Motoko must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki.
documentary:Shocked when their friend embraces extremism, a group of Muslim Americans in Texas recount their time with him and theories about his fate.
horror:Five, battle-worn Allied soldiers guarding a chateau previously occupied by Nazis start experiencing unexplained and terrifying supernatural horrors.
international:When a new prisoner at a military detention center exhibits eerie behavior, a young interrogator’s search for the truth becomes a battle for survival.
action:Giving up his life of crime for love, a gangster struggles with a moral dilemma when tragic events and enduring enemies take him back to the underworld.
drama:Indonesian activist Soe Hok Gie experiences a political awakening during the tumultuous regimes of Suharto and Sukarno. Inspired by true events.
children:Four prehistoric friends go on an array of adventures while trying to unravel a mystery about a big, fierce creature. Based on Jonny Duddle's book.
other:Gigi's an avant-garde French waif being groomed as the fille de joie of affluent and handsome Gaston. Soon Gigi metamorphoses into a stunning beauty.
romance:Fiercely independent single mom Lorelai raises gifted, Ivy League-bound daughter Rory amid a continual stream of quick-witted repartee.
comedy:Set nearly a decade after the finale of the original series, this revival follows Lorelai, Rory and Emily Gilmore through four seasons of change.
drama:After running away from her abusive mother, a streetwise teen seeks refuge with her father, but he rejects her when he learns that she's pregnant.
documentary:Go backstage with beloved rap superstar Gims in the year leading up to his major 2019 Stade de France performance in this up-close documentary.
comedy:British comic Gina Yashere takes the stage in San Francisco, where she shares her thoughts on everything from toilet ninjas to her troublesome name.
comedy:Standup comedian and Daily Show correspondent Gina Yashere delivers a sharp set of wry observations on the environment, money and more.
drama:With the Cold War looming over them, teen best pals Ginger and Rosa share everything in early 1960s London – until betrayal drives them apart.
comedy:"Eager to marry but constantly rejected by women, a bachelor hopes to win over a former crush by accepting help from an unlikely source: her mother."
other:Family duty sends a lawman to London to look for his mob-assassin brother as a yakuza war threatens to engulf Tokyo. Trust is even tougher to find.
drama:Fifteen-year-old ballet dancer Lara faces physical and emotional hurdles as she prepares for gender confirmation surgery. Inspired by a true story.
international:A mysterious, clever girl named Nanno transfers to different schools, exposing the lies and misdeeds of the students and faculty at every turn.
horror:A husband with a bad track record tries to start anew by renovating a rundown Victorian for his family, only to find he's tackled a house out of hell.
comedy:Quadruplets separated as babies reunite in Manila when one needs a liver transplant, but long-held family resentments threaten to derail everything.
drama:After a sex video subjects her friend to mockery and bullying, a transfer student sets out to reveal the truth as campus secrets come to light.
comedy:Rebellious and broke, Sophia stumbles into creating an online business and learns how to be the boss. A comedy inspired by the best-selling memoir.
comedy:When he's caught up in a deadly conspiracy, an unemployed greeting card writer must create the perfect card for a new holiday to save his skin.
comedy:Four close friends in Los Angeles challenge and support each other through life's triumphs and disasters. Sophisticated, relatable and always funny.
comedy:After the world learns the truth about her failing marriage, a successful self-help author tries to salvage her career and find her way as a divorcée.
international:Four girls from different backgrounds become unlikely friends when they move into a dormitory for female dental students.
documentary:Fights, friendships, dating, rules. Teenage life is full of drama. But behind bars, the stakes are so much higher.
anime:Miho Nishizumi tries to escape her family's tradition of tankery by enrolling at a new high school. Instead she gets back into the sport with friends.
action:The girls of Ōarai High must face off against a formidable university team in a fierce tank battle to once again avoid closure of their school.
comedy:Stranded in the woods and eyeballed by twisted hunters, members of a women’s volleyball team bump it up in the most dangerous game of their lives.
documentary:Six ambitious student actors audition for the prestigious August Wilson Monologue Competition, culminating in a riveting final round on Broadway.
comedy:Amid relationship woes and personal attacks from a wicked cheerleading coach, a teacher fights to turn underdog glee club members into winners.
international:A police officer and a doctor face an emotionally charged mystery when seven local residents inexplicably return from the dead in peak physical form.
children:"Two teens work at a game store as a front for their actual job: Hunting video game monsters who've broken out into the real world."
anime:Five preteen girls learn they're a legendary superhero squad known as the Glitter Force. Their mission? To defend Earth from evil fairy-tale villains.
anime:Four girls summon their inner superheroes to defend Earth and the magical kingdom of Splendorius from King Mercenare and his minions.
comedy:In 1980s LA, a crew of misfits reinvent themselves as the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling. A comedy by the team behind Orange Is the New Black.
other:In this competition show, aspiring makeup artists navigate colorful challenges to win a career-making opportunity in the beauty industry.
documentary:This engaging documentary chronicles the 1980s phenomenon The Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling, which elevated its female grapplers to star status.
international:"Amid Malaysia's charcoal industry, a woman deftly adapts to her environs as she juggles three men in her life: her husband, her lover and her friend."
children:After moving into a new house with her mom, high schooler Chloe discovers a troupe of talking garden gnomes who need her help saving the world.
children:A fearless teen leans into the rush of high-speed go-kart racing, backed by good friends — and a surly ex-driver who becomes his coach.
children:Beep, beep – go, go! Buckle up for fun and adventure with adorable kid car Cory Carson as he explores the winding roads of Bumperton Hills.
children:The Carson kids win a talent show with a dance that Cory created. But when The Chrissy catches on, his little sister gets all of the attention.
children:Charismatic Mía gets a scholarship to an elite performing arts school, where she makes close friends but clashes with the owner's popular daughter.
children:Mía's vacation with her dad is disrupted by the surprise arrival of Lupe, Mercedes, Juanma and Álvaro as their school drama moves lakeside.
children:After a young mother is widowed by war, her faith is tested as she struggles to stay afloat financially and raise her daughter.
anime:"An enemy immune to conventional arms has caused the collapse of civilization and humanity's only hope lies in a new living weapon: the God Arc."
documentary:Through diary entries, this documentary follows the life and death of homeless woman Linda Bishop and her struggles with starvation, sanity and God.
action:A maverick leader and a clever young general take on Japanese pirates amid bureaucratic intrigue in Ming Dynasty China.
drama:A spiritual college student clashes with an atheistic professor who insists that students will only pass his class by admitting that God is dead.
drama:After a fire breaks out at his church, a pastor faces a legal battle against university leaders who wish to push the congregation off the campus.
drama:In Yorkshire, a withdrawn gay farmer begins a torrid affair with a Romanian migrant worker who shows him the depths of his capacity for affection.
drama:A ruthless outlaw terrorizes the West in search of a former member of his gang, who’s found a new life in a quiet town populated only by women.
other:A desperate group of refugees attempts to recolonize Earth 20,000 years after Godzilla took over. But one young man wants revenge above all else.
action:On Earth, Haruo and his companions make contact with the indigenous Houtua tribe. To defeat Godzilla, they set out for the old Mechagodzilla facility.
action:With the earth alliance weakened, Haruo weighs siding with the Exif, whose death cult is summoning a monster that can destroy the world.
international:When night falls on the city, shadows and spirits come alive in this horror anthology series centered on urban legends.
children:After moving to Australia, an American teen convinces her new friends to form a cheer squad and take on their biggest rivals in competition.
other:When circumstances at work compel Ram to pretend to have a twin, his lie works – until the boss wants his daughter to marry Ram’s fictitious brother.
international:In the 1980s, a recently discarded television set from the 1960s refuses to accept its fate and tries to break out of the junkyard.
action:Pierce Brosnan takes his first turn as debonair secret agent James Bond, who investigates the destruction of a Russian satellite weapons base.
drama:When a bold teen mounts a gritty pursuit to dance in a music video, she must also evade child services so she can keep her younger sisters together.
children:Best pals Goldie and Bear, from Goldilocks and the Three Bears, join other characters from beloved stories for adventures in the Fairy Tale Forest.
other:In the Australian outback, an Indigenous cop on a missing persons case unearths a trafficking ring and runs afoul of political-industrial interests.
action:Hapless brothers Gollu and Pappu stumble into a terrorist plot and end up being ordered to detonate a bomb, a task they are destined to bungle.
comedy:A man's relationship with his jealous wife enters choppy waters after he has to spend a night on a yacht with a woman he's rescued from gangsters.
comedy:Between thwarting crooks and wooing the belle next door, four pranksters get in over their heads when they bamboozle their way into a couple’s bungalow.
crime:Mafia activity in Naples is at the center of this series, which focuses on internal struggles that follow after the head of a family is imprisoned.
other:As a notorious outlaw comes to grips with his past, he reconnects with his estranged daughter and gets one more shot to make things right.
international:A nurse escapes from her surgeon fiancé after his ex reveals his dark secrets. She later finds love again, but a car accident changes everything.
comedy:As two jobless brothers search aimlessly for careers worthy of their hard-to-please mother’s praise, they cluelessly tackle countless gigs.
children:Working at a neighborhood fast-food joint, two teens try to save the restaurant when a giant burger franchise fires up the competition.
drama:New high school grad and avid gamer Cenk is recruited to an intense esports team that trains for a tournament with a life-changing prize.
crime:Three suburban moms orchestrate a local grocery store heist to escape financial ruin and establish independence – together.
documentary:Chris Rock hops around the world going from beauty salons to science labs to comb through the mystery of Black hair.
comedy:Four overachieving friends spend the summer after finishing high school doing everything possible to enjoy the party life and ruin their reputations.
drama:As Tommy Egan pilots armed drones over Afghanistan from the safe comfort of Las Vegas, the remote nature of his work begins to raise moral questions.
comedy:Hoping to give their relationship a boost, Jenna and Kate arrange to spend an evening with a third woman, but things take a turn once the sparks fly.
drama:Seeking an apartment to share with his wife, an apolitical man starts to question his own modest goals as revolution swirls around him.
comedy:Every time Chuck breaks up with a girlfriend, she ends up engaged to her next boyfriend. Soon, women are dating Chuck in hopes of meeting Mr. Right.
international:A high school girl finally gets her own apartment, but she has to share it with the most popular boy in school. No one can know they're living together.
crime:While hunting for a dating-site predator, an underused cop discovers a husband and wife with a horrific secret — and a web of conspiracy hiding it.
drama:Veteran television newsman Edward R. Murrow faces off against Sen. Joseph McCarthy and his crusade to quell the threat of communism in America.
action:A struggling couple can't believe their luck when they find a stash of money in the apartment of a neighbor who was recently murdered.
children:A curious reporter finds love while pursuing the story of a mysterious figure who's leaving bags of cash for strangers around New York City.
drama:After spearheading an ill-fated bank robbery, a man must get his mentally challenged younger brother out of jail while eluding his own capture.
drama:Raising her daughter in a small town, an enchanting widow with magical powers provokes the interest and exasperation of a skeptical big-city doctor.
international:A couple’s five-year marriage is put on the line when each of their first loves comes back hoping for another shot at romance.
other:Former mobster Henry Hill recounts his colorful yet violent rise and fall in a New York crime family – a high-rolling dream turned paranoid nightmare.
international:Young radio announcers from varying backgrounds encounter the supernatural in mysterious dreams, accidents and everyday life.
drama:Amidst the looting and chaos of the LA riots, two Korean-American brothers fight to save their struggling shoe store while contemplating their future.
comedy:When he's seen dispatching a rude opposing hockey player in the stands, Doug Glatt is hired by a rival team ... for his fighting skills.
comedy:Injury and family push hockey player Doug Glatt into retirement, but his plans change when his beloved former team appoints his nemesis as captain.
children:R.L. Stine's tales take on a life of their own in a series that combines original stories with adaptations drawn from the popular books.
children:Three teens spend their Halloween trying to stop a magical book, which brings characters from the Goosebumps novels to life.
comedy:Sriram is concerned only with spending money, until he meets Dia, a principled activist. Now he's determined to prove himself worthy of her affection.
children:Four friends become guardians of the island Gorm and must harness powers of the elements to stop an evil lord and his army from ruling the kingdom.
comedy:In this witty whodunit, wealthy guests and their servants gather for a weekend stay at the home of Sir William McCordle, who is soon found murdered.
drama:A group of hyperprivileged Manhattan private-school kids seem to get away with everything. Except an anonymous blogger is watching their every move.
crime:Long before he was commissioner, rookie cop James Gordon takes on Gotham City crime and corruption to avenge the murder of Bruce Wayne's parents.
horror:After a car crash, a criminal psychiatrist awakens to find that she's a patient in the same mental institution that currently employs her.
drama:A former freedom fighter is forced to navigate the corridors of a disinterested bureaucracy to prove that he fought in India's freedom movement.
drama:Brash ladies' man Gregorio Goyo del Pilar rises to become one of the Philippines' youngest generals in this historical epic sequel to Heneral Luna.
comedy:They’re not friends, but when their husbands leave them for each other, proper Grace and eccentric Frankie begin to bond in this Emmy-nominated series.
crime:When a sudden death brings everyone’s dirty secrets to the surface, the lives and marriages of a group of close-knit friends unravel out of control.
drama:A newly widowed Korean War veteran faces his racism and his past when the son of the Hmong family next door tries to steal his beloved 1972 Gran Torino.
anime:In a world where islands float in the sky, Gran encounters a mysterious girl wanted by the Erste Empire for her ability to summon Primal Beasts.
drama:Five students at the largest public high school in Brooklyn take on a chaotic world as they fight to succeed, survive, break free and seize the future.
other:Host Kevin McCloud presents people who take self-building houses to a new level, following every step of their ambitious plans from beginning to end.
international:To learn the truth about his sister's mysterious disappearance, a young man infiltrates a hotel in the guise of a footman and begins an investigation.
comedy:Leaving their wives at home, three randy friends look forward to some raunchy extramarital fun at their college reunion.
children:A frustrated novelist with money problems opens an unsanctioned senior center at his house to make quick cash and occupy his cumbersome father-in-law.
international:Anticipating the next move in a serial killer's grisly game, a police chief realizes that his daughter and estranged wife are the next likely victims.
comedy:A guys' getaway to an isolated farm in the desert goes from fun to frightening when a mysterious guest crashes the party.
comedy:After their haunting experience on a desert farm, a group of buddies escapes on a faraway getaway to seaside Fujairah — and right into more terror.
comedy:Good girl Cam recruits her pot-loving bestie Jinky to help deliver a backpack full of weed for her drug-dealing fiancé.
documentary:It lit up jazz and hip-hop – and ignited a war on drugs steeped in racial injustice. Experts explore America's complicated relationship with weed.
other:John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John star in this hit musical comedy about a greaser and the good girl he falls for – much to his friends' chagrin.
other:In this reality series, amateur interior designers on tight budgets test their mettle transforming rooms with speed and style.
comedy:A TV news producer's ambitions take an awkward turn when her mother rejoins the workforce and snags a job as the station's newest intern.
anime:Supposedly Japan's greatest swindler, Makoto Edamura gets more than he bargained for when he tries to con Laurent Thierry, a real world-class crook.
documentary:This series explores the effects of the extreme temperature variations at Yellowstone National Park on the animals that live there.
children:Faith and determination transform a talentless football player at the University of Arkansas into an All-American in this inspiring true story.
other:From the attack on Pearl Harbor to D-Day, the most pivotal events of World War II come to life in this vivid docuseries featuring colorized footage.
international:A troubled psychologist returns from the U.S. and sets up a clinic in Taiwan, where mysterious patients and uncanny events shed light on his murky past.
children:On a road trip to save an endangered animal, polar opposites Guy and Sam learn to try new things like friendship – and a certain delectable dish.
crime:When a young Bogotá-based detective gets drawn into the jungle to investigate four femicides, she uncovers magic, an evil plot and her own true origins.
horror:At the end of their low-budget tour, a punk band accepts a gig at an isolated rural club, only to discover that their hosts are neo-Nazis.
comedy:Three young Nigerian bohemians, each from one of the country's major ethnic groups, explore the directions in which their lives could go.
children:When teen siblings Hayley and Alex enter an elite boarding school, they find rivalry, romance and a mystery related to the recent loss of their mom.
drama:Although members of the Greenleaf family run a Memphis megachurch, their business and personal lives are tainted with greed, adultery and other sins.
comedy:British comedian Greg Davies revisits terrifying dates, manscaping disasters, his father's pranks and more in a savagely funny stand-up special.
comedy:Argentine comedian Grego Rossello takes the stage in Buenos Aires to share his takes on modern stardom, airline dining, brotherly love and more.
romance:Intern (and eventual resident) Meredith Grey finds herself caught up in personal and professional passions with fellow doctors at a Seattle hospital.
action:An embittered cop is tasked with baby-sitting a spoiled actor, but the two must learn to fight together when they run afoul of a group of mercenaries.
comedy:Outspoken comedian Beppe Grillo reminisces about his long career, including the triumphs and controversies that fueled his rise in Italian politics.
documentary:Tech tycoon John McAfee made millions from his anti-virus software. Now, he may be best known for his bizarre and scandalous lifestyle.
drama:A group of disaffected students form an unlikely bond through the game of lacrosse when a new teacher introduces the sport to their remote Arctic town.
children:Strong, whip-smart Grizzy rules a Canadian forest, where he has his paws full with a family of frolicsome lemmings.
documentary:Filmmakers follow a Colorado family's highly public battle for the rights of their transgender daughter, Coy, in a landmark civil rights case.
children:Five baby animals from different parts of the world grow up learning to survive in the wild, nurtured by the love and guidance of their families.
documentary:From Sierra de las Minas to Esquipulas, explore Guatemala's cultural and geological wealth, including ancient Mayan cities and other natural wonders.
comedy:The only downside to a young couple’s new dream home — and fresh start — is the nightmare of the raucous houseguest in back who refuses to leave.
documentary:An Argentine journalist strives to prove that his countryman, tennis star Guillermo Vilas, was wrongly denied the No. 1 world ranking in the 1970s.
drama:When a college heartthrob is accused of rape by a less popular student, his girlfriend navigates various versions of the story in search of the truth.
action:Jailed for drug trafficking while searching for the dad she's never met, a singer gets unlikely support from a crook whose love she has long rejected.
drama:In 1921 Barcelona, amid unrest between anarchists and the police, a cop plays both sides to learn who stole army weapons that could ignite a civil war.
documentary:Two roaming Kenyan bandits attempt to change the course of their lives by exchanging their rifles for running shoes.
action:A pampered but kind-hearted average joe ditches his romancing and peacekeeping ways when he’s framed for a murder he didn’t commit.
action:Flight Lieutenant Gunjan Saxena makes history in her journey from aspiring aviator to India’s first female combat pilot in the Kargil War.
anime:On the surface, the Social Welfare Agency appears to help orphaned schoolgirls, but it's actually turning them into lethal agents.
drama:When the daughter of a wealthy family returns from college, she gets a frosty welcome from her brother, who has problems – and plans – of his own.
anime:When a young laborer escapes to the world aboveground, he discovers a violent land in which humans battle robots controlled by a power-hungry noble.
drama:Ambitious Gurukant Desai ignores his father's advice and leaves his village to find success in Turkey.
children:A singer and a dancer who are best friends use their artistic abilities to get out of one hilariously sticky situation after another.
documentary:Guy Martin assists in preparing the last airworthy Vulcan bomber for a farewell tour while revealing the stories behind the iconic aircraft.
drama:After an onstage disaster leaves an illusionist paralyzed, he channels his magic into a hit radio show. Years later, he fights for the right to die.
drama:Therapist Jean Holloway develops dangerous and intimate relationships with the people in her patients' lives in this simmering psychological thriller.
international:At a dysfunctional hospital in Paris, three bumbling, eccentric medical employees embark on zany misadventures with surgical imprecision.
comedy:When an earthquake hits Chile, rescue workers must put aside their differences to save the country from a businessman's evil scheme.
comedy:When an uneducated mother of eight suddenly becomes mayor, she uses the skills she's learned as a housewife to keep her town running like clockwork.
comedy:In 1949, with freedoms threatened, housewife Hükümet is unaware of her future life in politics as she faces off with liar and mayoral hopeful Faruk.
children:The gals in this fantasy series cope with the burden of growing a giant fin and transforming into mermaids whenever they come in contact with water.
children:Three high school friends who turn into mermaids whenever they touch water have undersea adventures while keeping their new life a secret.
international:Three comedians launch a company designed to spread happiness far and wide in this Thai sitcom packed with gags, sound effects and special guests.
drama:When a man discovers that he can communicate with his grandfather's spirit, it leads to two love stories intertwining 50 years apart.
comedy:The son of an astrologer faces opposition from his superstitious father regarding his scheme of launching a mango business.
drama:This companion to 2016's Rudy Habibie traces the relationship between Indonesia’s third president and his wife behind the scenes of their public lives.
crime:As Helena gains the love and trust of a dangerous heroin cartel leader in 1960s Barcelona, she hones the skills she needs to rise up the ranks.
comedy:A young woman recovering poorly from a bad romance gets a new lease on life after encountering a handsome man during a job interview.
drama:Shahid Kapoor delivers a searing performance in this Bollywood take on Hamlet that unfolds amid Kashmiri culture and history.
anime:Inspired by a championship match he sees on TV, junior high schooler Hinata joins a volleyball club and begins training, despite his short height.
comedy:When a major star is kidnapped from a movie set, a hard-charging but overwhelmed studio boss sets out to find the actor and save the film.
children:In 1962, ambitious plus-size teen Tracy Turnblad tries to integrate a racially divided Baltimore one Watusi at a time.
action:In this sequel, a group of expert drivers skilled in drifting and high-speed racing is recruited to perform obscure tasks for a shadowy gang.
action:A competitive streetcar racer's obsession with winning drive him to develop a vehicle with an innovative engine that's never been used before.
comedy:A perpetually unemployed graduate desperately leaves his city for a potential opportunity until a roadblock threatens to derail his chance at a career.
comedy:After two estranged half-sisters in their twenties find their lives suddenly entwined, they grow closer as they get to know more about each other.
drama:Small-town Madhav falls for big-city Riya and wants her to be his girlfriend. But she views their relationship differently, and suggests a compromise.
comedy:Up against a corrupt government official and crushing poverty, a young boy in the Delhi slums attempts to raise funds to build himself his own toilet.
action:This anthology features seven independent anime shorts from renowned directors, delving into the futuristic universe of the video game franchise Halo.
action:Witness the origins of Master Chief and the Spartan program as a group of children transform into enhanced soldiers and fight a powerful alien threat.
drama:Re-creating the dawn of the personal computer era, this digital drama tracks the fates of an industry visionary and his brilliant colleagues.
drama:Love blooms when kind-hearted Avinash takes in Preeti, a woman shunned by society, but the unorthodox living situation creates quite a stir among the neighbors.
action:The Vietnam War's horrors come brutally to life through the eyes of American soldiers trying to take a heavily fortified hill under Vietcong control.
drama:Wanting his missing father to come home, a Kashmiri boy repeatedly attempts to call God for help – until one day, a hardened army officer picks up.
comedy:When a con man tries to retrieve a bag of money, he swoons for a woman with ties to a notorious crew of criminals.
comedy:A self-described outsider is sent to a rugby-obsessed boarding school, where he forms an unexpected bond with the star player.
international:Clashing martial arts twins face relentless villains, thorny romance and brotherly rivalry as their troubled pasts catch up to them.
comedy:Homicide detective Gene Handsome sets out to solve a woman's murder while searching for clues about what's missing from his personal life.
documentary:Researchers add context and clarity to UFO mysteries and conspiracy theories as they unpack clues in a trove of files covering decades of sightings.
other:A homicide detective, a criminal profiler and a journalist team up to nab a serial killer whose murders are inspired by the classic game of Hangman.
documentary:From Joe Berlinger, director of the Paradise Lost trilogy, comes this documentary about controversial former U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson.
comedy:Hannah Gadsby returns for her second special and digs deep into the complexities of popularity, identity and her most unusual dog park encounter.
comedy:Australian comic Hannah Gadsby reshapes standard stand-up by pairing punchlines with personal revelations on gender, sexuality and childhood turmoil.
horror:This drama series focuses on the early years of the relationship between FBI criminal profiler Will Graham and homicidal cannibal Dr. Hannibal Lecter.
comedy:In a special packed with stealthy humor, Hannibal Buress tackles zipper etiquette, the legacy of steroids and the fallout from his Bill Cosby routine.
comedy:Comedian Hans Teeuwen rebels against political correctness, proclaims himself Britain's moral leader and takes on Donald Trump.
international:In this concert film, Oscar-winning composer Hans Zimmer performs his most iconic movie scores to a sell-out crowd at the O2 Arena in Prague.
comedy:When Kak Limah turns up dead shortly after her marriage to a much younger man, her pesky ghost haunts the villagers, who can't seem to get rid of her.
crime:In late-1980s Texas, two best friends get involved in darkly comic misadventures by hiring themselves out to shady clients for illicit ends.
international:An unexpected pregnancy sends a woman back to her hometown to share a house with three nice guys. Each has problems, but each would make a great dad.
international:This relatable relationship drama explores the real-life trials and joys of married life through the lens of 11 different wives.
comedy:A quirky couple spends their three-year dating anniversary looking back at their relationship and contemplating whether they should break up.
drama:Purehearted teen Lazzaro is content living as a sharecropper in rural Italy, but an unlikely friendship with the marquise's son will change his world.
comedy:Three sisters seem to be ideal brides for three brothers. But when the girls' father won't allow the marriages, the boys use trickery to pull it off.
horror:On the run from his meth-dealing employers, a drifter with a drinking problem becomes prey in a desert town's twisted hunting contest.
crime:The Philippine jail known for a viral Michael Jackson dance video comes under the management of an ex-convict, sparking controversy and criticism.
action:A revenge-seeking diamond thief gathers a ragtag crew to infiltrate a Dubai hotel hosting a dance contest. But first they have to learn how to dance.
drama:While decluttering her home, a woman’s hefty house renovation leads her back to the past when she uncovers her ex-boyfriend’s belongings.
comedy:Desperate to break up with his clingy girlfriend, a nerdy cartoonist hires a mysterious agency to do the deed. But the agency has unusual methods.
other:Yorkshire police sergeant Catherine Cawood pursues the man who assaulted her late daughter, unaware he is now part of a secret kidnapping plot.
crime:A boozy ex-cop turned hit man thinks he's losing his marbles when a cartoon unicorn only he can see urges him to rescue a girl kidnapped by Santa.
comedy:A middle-aged adman is shaken up by his new boss, a 25-year-old who advises him to rebrand himself. Is it possible, or is this as good as he'll get?
drama:After a career of thankless credits, a retired actor returns for a long-awaited leading role but finds he is utterly unprepared for new-age filmmaking.
drama:A selfish, manipulative schoolteacher takes advantage of a schoolgirl's vulnerability to gratify his dark, narcissistic desires.
action:When a billionaire hires a team of mercenaries for protection, they soon realize world-changing technology and his daughter’s life are also at stake.
drama:This drama based on real-life events tells the story of George McKenna, the tough, determined new principal of a notorious Los Angeles high school.
drama:A drug dealer who's been emulating his father's successful criminal career is forced to go on the run with a young girl in this fact-based thriller.
action:Shot entirely like a first-person shooter video game, this film tracks Henry, a cyborg racing to save his wife from a villain with paranormal powers.
comedy:A circle of young men entertain vague ambitions involving quick cash, women and showbiz in this mockumentary on small-town Irish life in County Mayo.
comedy:Hari Kondabolu breaks down identity politics, celebrity encounters, his mango obsession and more in an unpredictable stand-up comedy special.
drama:Against a backdrop of burgeoning social unrest, a neophyte filmmaker makes history in 1913 as the director of India's first feature-length film.
comedy:Malaysian stand-up comedy icon Harith Iskander takes the stage in Kuala Lumpur to talk about Singapore, a past girlfriend, Rick Astley and more.
documentary:Relive the greatest moments of the Harlem Globetrotters with this documentary that chronicles the team's legendary 1948 defeat over the Minneapolis Lakers and their historic 1951 Berlin trip.
comedy:Harold and Kumar jump on a plane to catch up with Harold's love interest but must change their plans when Kumar is accused of being a terrorist.
comedy:Buddies Harold and Kumar set out to satisfy a stoner craving for hamburgers but end up on an epic journey when they can't find White Castle.
documentary:Storyboard artist Harold Michelson and his film researcher wife, Lillian, recall the influence they had on 60 years of Hollywood's biggest hits.
other:Interviews and dramatic reconstructions illuminate the twisted motivations and brazen crimes of serial killer and respected physician, Harold Shipman.
children:Intrepid writer Harriet Welsch is determined to become the class blogger despite stiff competition from her snooty archrival.
children:A young wannabe magician and his mischievous stage rabbit battle and sabotage each other while putting on shows.
documentary:With only a strong will and a cheap horse, a former agent of the Dutch underground in World War II sets out to become a champion show jumper.
documentary:This film chronicles the career of photographer Harry Benson, who earned global renown with his candid shots of the Beatles and other celebrities.
comedy:Fast-talking city girl Zoe Hart winds up patching up the locals of a tiny town in the Deep South when she inherits a medical practice in Alabama.
drama:A young Kashmiri man sets out to escape to Pakistan and make sense of his brother's death, but he drifts aimlessly until finding his brother's camera.
children:Kids rule in a place called Harvey Street, where a trio of girls right wrongs, ice cream is always an option, and every day feels like Saturday.
comedy:Comic Hasan Minhaj of The Daily Show shares personal stories about racism, immigrant parents, prom night horrors and more in this stand-up special.
comedy:Nikhil is tasked with keeping his fiancée's troublemaking sister, Meeta, from ruining his wedding. But in the process, the two become inseparable.
action:A millionaire opens the door to comic complications when he punishes his spoiled sons for trying to make money through shady, get-rich-quick schemes.
crime:An honest – though overzealous – police officer strives to do good work while dealing with his bickering parents and incompetent coworkers.
crime:A timid, small-town comedian's long-awaited big break takes a dark turn when he realizes committing murder is the only way to keep his onstage mojo.
documentary:This documentary follows the controversy surrounding the 2010 murders of two students, who were framed as criminals and killed by the Mexican military.
children:These fun-loving creatures hatch from their shells and spread friendship, laughter and life lessons in the land of Hatchtopia.
comedy:Determined to make it big, the confident but clueless Miranda Sings embarks on an unlikely quest for fame in this offbeat comedy.
international:Sparks of both passion and contempt fly when a self-sufficient architect is forced to work with a snobbish industrialist.
comedy:Stories of personal victories coincide with Team India's battle for the Cricket World Cup in this engaging ensemble drama.
other:Real people sit down with friends and family to share terrifying true stories from their past, re-created through chilling re-enactments.
children:With help from a 102-year-old goblin dwelling beneath their haunted apartment building, two siblings deal with ghosts and take on spooky mysteries.
documentary:This documentary takes us into the world of those who create horror simulations for willing audiences, and examines the culture they have spawned.
horror:When a fraternity's last big luau serves up horrible deaths to its partygoers, the brothers learn firsthand about their house’s frightening history.
documentary:Explore hallucinogenic highs and lows as celebrities share funny, mind-blowing tales via animations, reenactments and more in this documentary.
crime:A new teacher finds herself in an unenviable situation after witnessing a troubling interaction between an administrator and a student.
documentary:This documentary paints a candid picture of Australian street artist Anthony Lister as he navigates his burgeoning career and personal hardships.
other:Residents of Haven, Maine, are plagued by supernatural afflictions. To reveal the truth, FBI agent Audrey Parker must delve into her own strange past.
horror:An alcoholic with a tragic past rents an apartment in a building for those in recovery, but soon learns the truth about residents who get evicted.
drama:In 1895 Mumbai, spirited Indian lad Shiv Talpade defies British rule and sparse funding – and physics – to build the world's first airplane.
comedy:High-strung Metin finally stops seeing doom and gloom around every corner when he meets vivacious Hayat, but she has her own soul-searching to do.
action:A last-minute mission in Dublin turns deadly for stunning secret operative Mallory Kane when she realizes she's been betrayed.
drama:In a politically charged India of the 1970s, three friends are transformed by personal ideologies, dangerous ambitions and matters of the heart.
comedy:In this stand-up special, comedian Hazel Brugger offers her breezy takes on unruly geese, chatty gynecologists, German bank loans and more.
comedy:When French-African couple Paul and Sali discover the longed-for baby they are about to adopt is white, family chaos and confrontation ensue.
documentary:This documentary tells the story of a teenage Pakistani girl shot for her advocacy of women's education, her survival, and her continued efforts.
comedy:A reclusive immortal who needs human flesh but tries to stay clean finds himself cast back into society by a gang of thugs and his estranged daughter.
horror:While vacationing at a remote lake house, a mother and her daughters become pawns in the twisted game of an ax-wielding psychopath.
horror:A group of college students on a weekend getaway accidentally summon a supernatural entity intent on using them for its deadly ritual.
drama:This edgy drama follows 19-year-old Ari, a gay Greek-Australian whose roiling ethnic- and sexual-identity struggles lead to a wild, 24-hour odyssey.
action:When a young man wakes from a coma, memories of brutal violence begin to surface, putting his life – and that of his doctor – in jeopardy.
documentary:Headspace takes a friendly, animated look at the benefits of meditation while offering techniques and guided meditations to jump-start your practice.
drama:After his wife inexplicably disappears, a man takes their two children and relocates to his hometown in an attempt to end their grief and move on.
documentary:Stories from spiritual leaders, physicians and those with chronic illnesses reveal the powerful connection between the human psyche and physical health.
international:At a hospital in Lagos, a doctor yearning for more field experience meets patients with various ailments that test his spiritual and medical beliefs.
international:A crash course on the turbulence of being a teen is always on the schedule for the students at Hartley High School in this 1990s series set in Sydney.
comedy:"In this stylish comedy, a mother-daughter con team makes money the old-fashioned way: They use their feminine wiles to swindle it."
drama:Spunky teenager Amy is reeling from the sudden death of her mother when she and her grandfather are threatened with the loss of their horse ranch.
other:A shy, brilliant boy and a popular girl fall into an unexpected romance. But as their bond deepens, his attraction begins taking on dark overtones.
drama:From long resentments to deep secrets, an overdue family reunion erupts with drama when the matriarch makes a disturbing discovery.
international:When her husband goes to jail for bankruptcy, a woman takes her two daughters to live with her father, who severed ties with her years ago.
international:In the harshest weather, rookie and veteran heavy recovery operators fight to keep southern Ontario's busy, treacherous highways clear and safe.
children:When a hedgehog suffering from memory loss forgets his identity, he ends up on a big city journey with a pigeon to save his habitat from a human threat.
children:A plucky young orphan sent to live with her grandfather in the mountains discovers wonder and adventure around every corner.
children:Inspired by the classic novel, this telenovela follows Heidi, who leaves her happy life in the mountains behind when her aunt takes her to the big city.
action:When master criminal Helios steals a mobile WMD, rival agents from Hong Kong, South Korea and China must join forces to recover the device.
horror:While investigating a possible outbreak at an Arctic research facility, scientists discover a new virus that could wipe out every human on the planet.
action:When best friends break a blood oath, one of them is cast away to hell, and the other two must save him from the misfits of the underworld.
crime:Former Confederate soldier Cullen Bohannon sets out on a quest to find his wife's killer as post-Civil War America struggles to rebuild its identity.
drama:In a desperate bid to save their family ranch, two brothers stage a series of clever bank robberies with a pair of Texas Rangers in hot pursuit.
action:This fast-paced action flick tells the dark story of Hellboy, a charismatic demon who's put on Earth by the Nazis to terrorize the rest of the world.
action:After receiving a heart transplant from a murdered man, a cop is followed around by the victim’s ghost, who won’t rest until his death has been avenged.
children:BFFs Wesley and Georgie and their silly cat sidekick Pretzel transform into ninjas and enter a magic world, where they solve problems and save the day.
drama:In Hong Kong, the lives of two overseas Filipino workers intertwine as they navigate daily duties, career aspirations and romantic possibilities.
international:With different personalities, life goals and taste in men, five female college students become housemates in a shared residence called Belle Epoque.
documentary:In this documentary, Chelsea Handler explores how white privilege impacts American culture – and the ways it’s benefited her own life and career.
horror:Secrets are just a part of daily life in the small Pennsylvania town of Hemlock Grove, where the darkest evils hide in plain sight.
drama:Flashbacks reveal Gen. Antonio Luna's tireless fight for Filipino independence from the U.S. and his leadership in the Philippine-American War in 1899.
children:A new part-time job forces Henry Hart to balance two lives, one as a typical teenager and the other as secret superhero sidekick Kid Danger.
drama:Love comes to a lonely writer in the sleekest of packages when he finds himself falling for the advanced operating system he bought to run his life.
international:Nearly 30 years after her mom's murder, a political strategist launches a calculated plan to ruin the Colombian presidential candidate who killed her.
drama:A woman must decide if she’s willing to end her pregnancy to save her own life after being diagnosed with breast cancer.
action:The bond between two crooks and best friends is threatened when one learns that the other's father had a hand in his own tragic past.
horror:When she finally encounters two other survivors, a woman alone in a world decimated by a zombie epidemic struggles to trust her new companions.
international:Wen Nuan signs on to work as the executive assistant to ex Zhan Nanxian at his tech firm. Helping him at work just may lead her back into his heart.
documentary:After being forced to leave his country three times, a Lebanese film director traces his roots and analyzes key moments of the nation's history.
action:A pugilist from Shantung struggles to rise to the top of the Shanghai triad ladder, where his stellar martial arts talents can shine.
anime:After a rash of mysterious deaths, Crown prosecutor Sarah Sinclair and SSC agent James Blood discover a conspiracy surrounding uncanny new bio-masks.
action:When its special ops agency is wiped out, Spain hastily assembles a new team to defuse a terrorist plot. But who are these scrappy would-be heroes?
documentary:This documentary follows three women – a fire chief, a judge and a street missionary – as they battle West Virginia's devastating opioid epidemic.
drama:One woman experiences the dramatic highs and lows of fame in this voyeuristic glimpse past the glitz and glamour of a Bollywood superstar's life.
international:A family with a storied history of service to the Church of Denmark fractures under the tyrannical rule and ambition of its hard-driving patriarch.
children:When Arnold and his crew win a trip to San Lorenzo, their adventure in the wild forces them to take the same risky path as Arnold's missing parents.
international:When the ghost of a woman gains a second chance at life for 49 days, she reappears in front of her remarried husband and young daughter.
anime:A chronic gamer abysmally inept in academics and sports finally meets his match at his usual shady arcade – and it’s his rich classmate, Akira.
international:A dramatic series about friendship and conflict between two comedians who search for meaning in life and comedy. Based on the prize-winning book.
action:While serving as the marshal of rowdy Abilene, Kansas, Wild Bill Hickok uses guns and gall to tidy up the lawless frontier town.
drama:A woman stages her own suicide but still lives in fear of her abusive ex-boyfriend tracking her down and stealing the son he never knew he had.
international:Pop stars and impersonators face off to be the last one standing as the audience tries to determine the real singer by listening to their voices only.
crime:While investigating an actress’s supposed suicide and her connection to the mafia, a veteran journalist discovers that corruption runs deep.
horror:Years after an accident at a wild Christmas party traumatized them all, six former friends find themselves trapped in a shopping mall and forced by a killer disguised as Santa Claus to play a lethal game of hide-and-seek.
international:While living a comfortable life with his wife and child, a germophobic man realizes his estranged brother may have committed a terrible crime.
action:The five rival gangs ruling the SWORD district unite to face off against a 500-member strong attack led by a legendary gang leader.
action:The peaceful truce in the SWORD district is violently disrupted by the intrusion of two brutal gangs, causing loyalties and rivalries to erupt.
action:The Kuryu Group makes it their mission to takeover the SWORD district once and for all, but the street gang alliance has a plan of their own.
action:As the two younger Amamiya boys search for their missing big brother, they uncover the truth about the tragedy that befell their family years ago.
action:The street fighters of Oya High go up against the delinquent brawlers of Housen Academy in this action-packed “High & Low” and “Crows” crossover.
comedy:From romantic pursuits to their friendship, a trio of young men navigate the complexities of relationships while sharing a London apartment.
drama:When an NBA lockout sidelines his big rookie client, an agent hatches a bold plan to save their careers – and disrupt the league's power structure.
documentary:From scientists to snake handlers, this series explores what motivates some people to put themselves in jeopardy to perform extraordinary feats.
documentary:This docuseries traces the history of classic video games, featuring insights from the innovators who brought these worlds and characters to life.
crime:Two sisters discover disturbing family secrets after a string of mysterious deaths occur on a luxury ship traveling from Spain to Brazil in the 1940s.
drama:A deputy curator of a chaebol-funded art gallery and her husband, a politically ambitious economics professor, will do anything to join the über-elite.
drama:A choreographer casts a contemporary dancer and a gifted pianist for a highly anticipated Broadway show as internal drama tries to steal the spotlight.
documentary:Thailand's complicated history with marijuana continues to play a role in its policies and laws, as well as the health and security of its citizens.
documentary:Fiery passions take center stage in this intimate look at the Australian String Quartet and, perhaps more vital, the priceless instruments they guard.
action:City girl Veera is kidnapped on the eve of her wedding, but as her captors take her through the countryside, Veera finds herself feeling emancipated.
other:On the hazardous highways of Canada's interior, heavy vehicle towing companies experience hardship and triumph rescuing wrecked and stranded trucks.
drama:Under God's direction, angel Jonathan and ex-cop Mark help troubled souls overcome adversity and embrace honesty, kindness and forgiveness.
international:Celebrating twenty years since her debut, Hikaru Utada takes the stage at Makuhari Messe for the final performance of her Laughter in the Dark Tour.
children:Fearless, free-spirited Hilda finds new friends, adventure and magical creatures when she leaves her enchanted forest home and journeys to the city.
drama:An urgent phone call pulls a Yale Law student back to his Ohio hometown, where he reflects on three generations of family history and his own future.
action:A young man returns to his native village on a mission of vengeance after his father commits suicide in the wake of false accusations.
other:Forsaking London for the rustic landscapes of Wales, a police detective with a troubled soul finds himself in a place with secrets as dark as his own.
documentary:Interviews with influential MCs, DJs and moguls trace the genre's dynamic evolution from the 1970s through the 1990s in this documentary series.
documentary:This detailed examination of the 1945 Hiroshima bombing includes the prelude to and aftermath of history's controversial first use of atomic weapons.
horror:As a young couple from war-torn South Sudan seeks asylum and a fresh start in England, they’re tormented by a sinister force living in their new home.
horror:In a plot to bait the snake-goddess Nagin for her immortality-granting essence, George States journeys to India and abducts her reptilian lover.
crime:This drama based on a true story follows the Puccios, a criminal family who kidnaps wealthy people and holds them hostage in their home.
comedy:Roastmaster General Jeff Ross and a slew of guest stars poke fun at major historical figures while also honoring their enduring impact on the world.
other:Infographics and archival footage deliver bite-size history lessons on scientific breakthroughs, social movements and world-changing discoveries.
drama:The life of a high-flying law student takes a drastic turn when a bout of misfortune changes his status in society for good.
documentary:Nicolas Cage hosts this proudly profane, funny and engagingly educational series about the history and impact of the most notorious English swear words.
other:Using previously unseen footage, this documentary series offers new insights into some of the biggest scams and forgeries in human history.
action:Determined to get his fiancée to L.A. to take advantage of an amazing opportunity, Charlie breaks out of the witness protection program to drive her.
comedy:Smooth and sexy Hitch helps clients make a great first impression on a date, but he's thrown when a lovely reporter starts nosing around his business.
documentary:This documentary examines how Adolf Hitler's talent for manipulation, psychology and image-making led him from humble origins to near-world conquest.
other:Surviving power struggles, betrayals and plots, Hitler's inner circle of Nazi leaders seizes control of Germany and designs its disastrous future.
documentary:Hitler, Nazi propaganda and 1936 Berlin Olympics are put under the microscope to uncover hidden truths and the historical legacy of those games.
documentary:Trace the history of Hitler's armored private train, a 15-car mobile headquarters boasting state-of-the-art communications and anti-aircraft cannons.
international:This miniseries spinoff of Rita follows teacher Hjørdis as she plans a school play on bullying featuring a cast of socially awkward students.
drama:Three friends in modern-day Karachi navigate their post-college lives, while struggling to balance their passion for music with familial obligations.
other:This reality series enters the worlds of compulsive hoarders, whose addiction to acquisition overwhelms not just their homes but also their lives.
other:TV star David Hasselhoff hopes to reboot his career in the U.K., but both his comeback plans and his personal life keep going off the rails.
children:Hogie and his friends travel the world, exploring far-flung locales like Buenos Aires, Cairo, Hawaii and the Galapagos Islands.
comedy:Trying to resurrect his career, not-so-talented magician Iskender goes on tour, but things get iffy when one of his illusions works a little too well.
action:In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery.
drama:In 1970s Australia, two teen boys fall in love with each other and defeat obstacles to their 15-year relationship, until a new crisis comes their way.
drama:Diagnosed with colon cancer, a free-spirited man embarks on an illuminating road trip with his son through South Africa.
comedy:Fed up with being single on holidays, two strangers agree to be each other's platonic plus-ones all year long, only to catch real feelings along the way.
other:Interior designer Benjamin “Mr. Christmas” Bradley works with a trusty team of elves” to help families transform their homes for the holidays.
children:When her husband abruptly ends their marriage, empty nester Kate embarks on a solo second honeymoon in Africa, finding purpose – and potential romance.
children:A widowed radio DJ and his four spoiled kids need to tighten their belts and pull together when their life of luxury turns lean just before Christmas.
international:A Christmas reunion becomes a gateway to the past in this three-part series that explores the intimate complexities of one family's history.
comedy:Eight gleefully grim short tales set on Halloween, Mother's Day, St. Patrick's Day and other holidays comprise this chilling horror anthology.
children:Home for the holidays, a broke puppeteer knows there’s treasure buried somewhere under her town. To find it, all she has to do is die – almost.
drama:In post-World War II Hollywood, an ambitious group of aspiring actors and filmmakers will do almost anything to make their showbiz dreams come true.
comedy:In this musical comedy, two rebellious teen girls who love electronic music have a life-changing brush with the divine at a camp run by nuns.
children:With a short life expectancy, a young girl uses faith and her vivid imagination to navigate adversity and create a story that impacts all around her.
comedy:A young priest coaches a team of uncoordinated monks in order to win a soccer tournament and save their monastery from being turned into a hotel.
documentary:An ex-member charts his path from idealism to disenchantment in a California cult when alarming revelations about the group's leader come to light.
comedy:Former rap musician Joey Boy is now a monk who takes Father Teng's place at his rural temple, where a crisis develops involving a nearby stone quarry.
comedy:Two new monks, one of them a former rock music star seeking inner peace, join a temple plagued by thieves who are stealing its valuable holy relics.
drama:In the forests of Karnataka, a farmer and his community face eviction from the land when they get caught in the currents of socio-political change.
international:Tired of the constant comments on her relationship status, perpetually single Johanne starts a 24-day hunt for a boyfriend to bring home for Christmas.
documentary:This docuseries profiles unique and dangerous traditional sports from around the world, as well as the communities and cultures where they thrive.
drama:Recovering from cancer, a young woman thinks she’s found a friend when she rents a room from a caring ex-doctor. But empathy soon becomes obsession.
children:A misfit alien named Oh moves in with Tip and her family, in a series that picks up the dynamic duo's adventures where the hit film left off.
documentary:This intimate, in-depth look at Beyoncé's celebrated 2018 Coachella performance reveals the emotional road from creative concept to cultural movement.
drama:Determined to trace her ancestral history, an Armenian woman travels to a French village, where she befriends a kind man and, better yet, finds herself.
international:Acclaimed filmmakers from around the world channel their creativity during COVID-19 isolation with this diverse, genre-spanning collection of short films.
romance:An ambitious entertainment lawyer tries to sign a singing sensation in his sister's small town, but a local soon captures his attention — and heart.
drama:Determined to prove herself as a street dancer, Maria heads from juvie to a Bronx rec center where she's introduced to her dance idol, Honey Daniels.
drama:Despite discouragement from her loved ones, a talented street dancer tries out for an exclusive dance crew in a bid to win a college scholarship.
comedy:This offbeat comedy-drama follows six quirky newlywed couples as they set off on a bus from Mumbai to Goa on their honeymoons.
drama:New to London, a naive and desperate teenager tries to fit in but instead becomes tragically implicated in a merciless world of gang violence.
international:The intimate lives of young men and women from Hong Kong are linked by loosely connected stories about love, lust, separation and deceit.
children:Fresh off a top-secret training, feisty heroine Little Red teams up with intrepid reporter Wolf to investigate the disappearance of Hansel and Gretel.
children:Peter Pan, now grown up and a workaholic, must return to Neverland to save his kids from the clutches of vengeful pirate Captain Hook.
comedy:A foul-mouthed high school basketball coach is sure he'll hit the big leagues if he can only turn his terrible team around. Good luck with that.
children:A jobless slacker finds himself beyond busy after he runs over the Easter Bunny and has to take over the rabbit's duties so the holiday can continue.
children:A multigenerational household navigates daily life, evolving relationships and clashes between old and new mindsets in this light family drama.
documentary:A Thai scientist and his family decide to cryonically freeze their cherished, dying toddler. This heartfelt documentary follows their journey.
drama:When a teen with terminal cancer miraculously finds herself in remission, she struggles to give up the attention her illness gave her at school.
documentary:The remarkable true story of Gift Ngoepe, the first African to play for Major League Baseball, is recounted in this inspiring documentary.
international:High school students in Bangkok wrestle with issues such as sex, teen pregnancy, drugs, school violence, family turmoil and more in this Thai drama.
drama:Accused of murder, Ig Perish wakes up one day to find he's grown a set of horns – compelling people to confess their sins to him.
other:To his family's frustration, Henry is skilled at making trouble, from babysitting pets in his bedroom to starting a shark panic at the swimming pool.
children:Worlds collide when Henry makes plans to spend Saturday on the sofa watching a Gross Class Zero marathon — and his favorite characters come to life!
other:Dream homes turn into property nightmares when mold, maggots, natural disasters and other inconveniences move in.
horror:On a dare, seven college friends spend a night at an abandoned hotel rumored to be haunted and find themselves trapped in a nightmare.
drama:A sweet misfit with a fondness for crafts, horses and supernatural crime shows finds her increasingly lucid dreams trickling into her waking life.
international:Every day is extraordinary for five doctors and their patients inside a hospital, where birth, death and everything in between coexist.
documentary:Follow the eerie story of Father Malachi Martin, a disenchanted priest whose belief in demonic possession would lead him to conduct several exorcisms.
documentary:Witnesses recount the shocking 1996 hostage crisis in Lima, Peru, where rebels held scores of high-level figures captive at an ambassador's residence.
drama:After a long career battling the Cheyenne, a U.S. Army captain is ordered to safely escort the tribe's most influential chief to his Montana homeland.
comedy:Two teenage geeks inadvertently find a lifelike, state-of-the-art sex robot, but must dodge the high-profile owner who lost her in order to keep her.
romance:Interconnected sketches and performances skewer the madness and misunderstandings of modern relationships.
drama:A quiet teen's life is shaken up when she's forced to be her arrogant neighbor's slave. He loves her, but they both have a lot to learn about trust.
documentary:This 2015 Sundance Film Festival breakout documentary from producer Rashida Jones spotlights the amateur porn industry and the women it exploits.
documentary:Personal stories reveal how the intersection of sex, technology and intimate relationships is rewiring us in fundamental ways.
comedy:When a resourceful but flighty Londoner is threatened with eviction, she vows to do whatever it takes to defeat a greedy real estate agent.
comedy:Andy Samberg stars in this comedy as an accident-prone daredevil who's determined to jump 15 buses on his moped and impress his abusive stepfather.
drama:In love since childhood, a couple separates to pursue different paths but makes a pact to marry each other in five years if they are still single.
crime:Caught in an afterlife limbo, teenage Kato investigates her own mysterious death and unravels a web of secrets in her seemingly tranquil village.
children:Placed in a foster home that doesn't allow pets, 16-year-old Andi and her younger brother Bruce turn an abandoned hotel into a home for their dog.
other:A motivated teen strives to rise from dishwasher to waiter at a luxury hotel only to tread in the abusive tide of its workplace hierarchy.
children:With her dad away, Mavis is so ready for adventure – if strict Aunt Lydia doesn't stop her first. Set four years before the Hotel Transylvania film.
children:It's love at first sight for Dracula when he meets Ericka, the charming but mysterious captain of the monster cruise that Mavis plans for the family.
comedy:A world-weary man’s self-imposed home confinement becomes a comedy of errors with the simultaneous arrivals of a peculiar package and a curious journalist.
horror:Moving to a new town proves even more stressful for a teenager when she learns that the house next door was the site of a double murder.
drama:A ruthless politician will stop at nothing to conquer Washington, D.C., in this Emmy and Golden Globe-winning political drama.
horror:A group of daring teens finds themselves in a fight for their lives inside a haunted house when a sinister spirit crashes their Halloween party.
documentary:Featuring archival footage and exclusive interviews, this documentary looks at the rise, fall and comeback of charismatic fashion designer Zac Posen.
comedy:Blending fact with myth, this conspiracy-minded docufiction argues that the U.S. purchased Yugoslavia's secret space program in the 1960s.
comedy:When a pair of friends uncover a weed Bible, their magical stash gets stolen, sending them on a pot-fueled quest through Atlanta to find it.
action:When a mysterious disaster turns the country into a war zone, a young lawyer heads west with his future father-in-law to find his pregnant fiancée.
documentary:Interviews and rare archival footage illuminate how the Beatles' influence over music and culture continues to be felt around the world.
children:The Grinch decides to rob Whoville of Christmas – but a dash of kindness from little Cindy Lou Who and her family may be enough to melt his heart.
comedy:When an aging Lothario gets the boot from his sugar mama, he must pull out all the stops to find a new female sponsor.
comedy:Dray lives life one woman at a time and is the envy of all his friends, until his sister decides to show him the error of his philandering ways.
documentary:In the 1970s, a group of activists who gathered to protest nuclear testing formed the iconic Greenpeace environmental organization.
crime:Two drug lab chemists' shocking crimes cripple a state's judicial system and blur the lines of justice for lawyers, officials and thousands of inmates.
crime:Brilliant criminal defense attorney and law professor Annalise Keating, plus five of her students, become involved in a twisted murder case.
comedy:A heartbroken ad copywriter living in Lima, Peru, is inspired to write a blog about life as a single woman and is surprised by her website's success.
other:Real estate expert and TV presenter Sarah Beeny meets with clever property owners who share their colorful stories about living mortgage free.
drama:A conflicted young woman spends the summer with her grandmother, her great-aunt and their quilting circle, whose life stories captivate her.
international:Prodigal daughter Tumi tries to make things right after completely ruining what should have been her sister's picture-perfect Christmas wedding.
crime:To win back his ex-girlfriend, a nerdy teen starts selling ecstasy online out of his bedroom – and becomes one of Europe's biggest dealers.
documentary:Explore how Caesar, Napoleon, Mussolini, Hitler and modern-day dictators consolidated their considerable power through bold and brazen coups.
children:Hiccup, Toothless and a mysterious dragon rider join forces to protect the island of Berk from a power-hungry warrior with a dragon army of his own.
documentary:This whimsical look at rough-and-tumble American politics examines the influence of money, religion and even ancient Rome on presidential campaigns.
other:When a husband, acting in his family's best interest, does not accept his wife's deathbed wish, providence dictates that he pay for his duplicity.
drama:A schoolteacher known for his good deeds and benevolence takes a walk on the dark side after undergoing a heart transplant.
comedy:Hubie's not the most popular guy in Salem, Mass., but when Halloween turns truly spooky, this good-hearted scaredy-cat sets out to keep his town safe.
comedy:Eager to reconnect with his son, French comedy star Gad Elmaleh moves to LA, only to discover that he's left all his fame and celebrity perks behind.
children:Living inside a Paris train station, an orphan eludes the rigid stationmaster, meets a legendary filmmaker and finds the key to unlocking his destiny.
action:"This action-packed animated double feature pits the Hulk against two of the Marvel Universe's most powerful characters: Wolverine and Thor."
other:Although Nisha falls for Prem, she agrees to marry his older brother for the good of their families. But fate may have other plans for the lovebirds.
drama:A scheming matriarch plots to cut off her disabled stepson and his wife from the family fortune, creating a division within the clan.
documentary:From breakthrough science to the boundaries of morality, this documentary spotlights a revelation in genetic modification research known as CRISPR.
international:Two kindred spirits who are betrothed to others must decide whether to go through with arranged marriages or brush aside convention for true love.
comedy:A small-town girl heads to Delhi to find a designer outfit for the wedding her orthodox father has arranged for her but ends up finding love instead.
international:To fulfill her mother's dying wish, middle-class Khirad marries elite Ashar. But those who disapprove plot to turn Ashar against his wife.
horror:While filming his daily life for a media course, Cowen discovers his small English town may be under an ominous and otherworldly influence.
action:A misadventure in the wilderness leads to life-changing discoveries for a troubled orphan teen from the city and his belligerent foster father.
action:U.S. Border Patrol agent and deadly hunter Jim Rhodes takes violent revenge when a group of desperate thieves kidnaps his daughter after a robbery.
drama:To honor his father, a diligent college graduate takes on the daunting goal of becoming a reporter for an English Premier League soccer club.
anime:To fulfill his dreams of becoming a legendary Hunter like his dad, a young boy must pass a rigorous examination and find his missing father.
action:A hired gun has second thoughts when he's contracted to kill a teenage girl whose father's shady business dealings put her life in danger.
comedy:A sex-obsessed young man tries to put his past behind him when he falls for an extraordinary woman who makes him want to change his lifestyle.
other:In a far corner of the Pacific Ocean, people who live entirely at sea share insights into their incredible amphibious lifestyle.
children:A high school student searching for his missing father joins a secret group known as the Seekers, who ally with aliens to protect the world from evil.
comedy:Fired for being gay, schoolteacher Richard returns in drag as force-of-nature Bianca, gets hired for the same job and plots sweet, scornful revenge.
comedy:When Texas teacher Richard is lured to Russia under false pretenses by his enemy Deb, his drag alter ego Bianca soon turns the country upside down.
comedy:Three professional friends, all husbands living with domineering wives, take a well-deserved vacation in the resort city of Goa.
horror:A deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears in her window.
drama:A pimp with aspirations of grandeur wants to make it as a rapper but discovers that fame isn't all it's cracked up to be in this indie drama.
international:To survive in a dog-eat-dog world, two rival lawyers with high-class clientele tear apart anything that stands in the way of their ambitions.
international:During the Japanese colonial period, married playwright Kim U-jin falls in love with soprano Yun Sim-deok, one of Korea’s notable New Women.
international:K-pop diva Lee Hyo-ri and her husband open up their home on the beautiful Jeju Island to welcome travelers for free stays, meals and late-night chats.
documentary:To live is to eat. For people around the world in precarious and dangerous circumstances, eating itself is dangerous, precarious – and essential.
other:Elite street racers from around the world test their limits in supercharged custom cars on the biggest, baddest automotive obstacle course ever built.
horror:A young actress rehearsing for a play about human trafficking begins to relive terrifying scenes that may be dreams – or an alternate reality.
drama:Four individuals in modern India grapple with their identities amid social taboos, trauma and brutal sexual discrimination in this quartet of stories.
other:Death row inmates convicted of capital murder give a firsthand account of their crimes in this documentary series.
other:In this crime docuseries spinoff, a convict is paroled 30 years after being sentenced to death for murder. Then he makes a stunning confession.
documentary:Mixing archival footage with present-day interviews, Olympic champion and global icon Usain Bolt opens up about his athletic legacy.
documentary:"This captivating documentary explores the life and work of filmmaker John Waters's muse: internationally celebrated drag superstar Divine."
documentary:This intense documentary follows real cases of American girls enslaved in the child sex trade through ads in a newspaper's online classified section.
drama:A turbulent past haunts Jonas, who recalls his teenage love affair with the impulsive, twisted and yet irresistible Nathan.
children:An intelligent boy born into poverty befriends the son of a once noble family and is inspired by the life of India's president to pursue an education.
documentary:Through her own words and art, a young woman details the healing power of yoga in her struggle with anorexia and her journey to self-acceptance.
international:Aspiring hip-hop star Francisco builds a name for himself as a musical artist while his conscience helps him through family drama and discrimination.
drama:Gay activist Michael Glatze begins a painful journey when he decides to renounce his sexuality for his religion in this drama based on true story.
international:Following humanity's mass extinction, a teen raised alone by a maternal droid finds her entire world shaken when she encounters another human.
comedy:A shameless chauvinist gets a taste of his own medicine when he wakes up in a world dominated by women and locks horns with a powerful female author.
comedy:To qualify for an apartment reserved for singles, a married couple stages a divorce. But when her husband unexpectedly remarries, Li seeks justice.
comedy:Angsty Syd navigates high school awkwardness, family drama and an unrequited crush on her best friend while trying to rein in her budding superpowers.
documentary:Based on James Baldwin's unfinished book, this visual essay explores racism through the stories of Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr.
documentary:A North Korean propagandist who escaped to Seoul now creates satirical art about Kim Jong Il's regime and copes with repercussions of his defection.
horror:A nervous nurse who scares easily finds herself caring for an ailing horror novelist while living in a house with hidden secrets.
action:After learning that an ex-military friend and his parents were killed, the highly trained John Gold comes to town seeking answers and revenge.
action:To clear his criminal record, an ex-special forces soldier agrees to lead a team to retrieve a double-crossing mercenary and deliver him to justice.
drama:In the 1960s, Australian singer Helen Reddy struggles with misogyny in the music business — until she records an anthem for the women's movement.
action:Hell-bent on avenging his wife's murder, Stanley Hill summons an old partner's help in exposing a cover-up by crooked cops and slimy politicians.
documentary:Decades after serving a prison sentence for killing jazz musician Lee Morgan, his common-law wife, Helen, reflects on their lives and his legacy.
drama:A timid nursing assistant gets a new lease on life when she and a neighborhood loner track down the degenerates who broke into her house.
comedy:In this affable yuppie comedy, Kate Reddy is a successful executive, wife and mom whose personal and professional lives hang in precarious balance.
children:Experience the joy and sacrifice of one of the nation's premier dance companies as its members and instructors prepare for a prestigious competition.
comedy:Desperate to go to the U.S. to win back his girlfriend, Yim hires a tutor to teach him English. But things don't go according to plan.
comedy:This Bollywood spoof recounts the ups and downs of an assistant film director who loathes romance and a designer who adores all things sentimental.
international:After the death of a loved one, a woman decides to pursue her passion for writing by penning television scripts.
international:Love blooms between a bubbly, aspiring voice actress and a cool, enigmatic violin-maker after they cross paths on a reality TV show.
drama:Romance, mystery and adventure intertwine as a young man falls in love and a severed hand scours Paris for its owner in this mesmerizing animated film.
comedy:After Marcos is dumped by his girlfriend, he attempts to reinvent himself as a modern man with the help of a childhood friend and an online guru.
comedy:There is no such thing as an ordinary interaction in this offbeat sketch comedy series that features a deep roster of guest stars.
drama:Devastated after her aunt dies, Maye moves out of the home they shared and copes with her grief, yet finds comfort in the kindness of other mourners.
drama:While fighting for his welfare benefits following a job-ending heart attack, a widowed carpenter befriends a single mother in a similar plight.
comedy:After the passing of her dog, a long-widowed senior citizen is in need of companionship. Two very different possibilities present themselves.
documentary:"Superstar DJ Steve Aoki reflects on the driving force behind his career: his ambitious father, Benihana founder and perennial daredevil Rocky Aoki."
comedy:In a witty solo show, Brent Morin serves up infectious laughs on the agony of puberty, hot guy problems and the time a girl dumped him for a magician.
drama:When a tough-minded ex-drug dealer falls for a beautiful but highly devout woman, their mutual attraction takes them both down a twisty path.
documentary:In this evocative documentary, an undocumented immigrant plans to return to Mexico after 16 years but his family tells him he needs to stay in the US.
drama:A terrible misunderstanding with a local gang sends 17-year-old Ulises, leader of a group hooked on cumbia music, across the border to save his life.
comedy:Life is a series of awkward situations for comedy writer and mom Andrea, thanks to plenty of neuroses and a knack for sticking her foot in her mouth.
drama:Nothing is as it seems when a woman experiencing misgivings about her new boyfriend joins him on a road trip to meet his parents at their remote farm.
other:In an unfiltered, intimate docuseries, pop star mentor Charli XCX finds out what it takes to build – and break – a real, badass all-girl punk band.
drama:After people in his town start turning up dead, a grumpy landlord is visited by a man who recounts an unsolved serial murder case from 30 years ago.
comedy:When Harper is sent to Spain for an important work meeting, her hard-partying friends tag along and convince her to pursue a fling with a famous DJ.
international:When shards of a cell phone get lodged in a teenager's brain, he discovers he can control electronic devices and uses his newfound power for revenge.
documentary:An American filmmaker and cyclist unwittingly wades into a global scandal when a Russian scientist leaks shocking details of a vast doping conspiracy.
international:The Ice Tribe prince journeys to a sacred mountain to vanquish evil but soon finds himself at war with the Fire Tribe, led by his long-lost brother.
documentary:This film explores the controversial role of ice hockey enforcers, as well as the physical and mental price paid by the game's notorious tough guys.
action:Four hundred years after they were frozen in time, a Ming Dynasty guard and his three pursuers are defrosted to continue their ancient battle.
anime:In the midst of a field exercise operating I-Machines, Alliance Academy student Maya Mikuri is thrown into an entirely different kind of adventure.
comedy:After an actor is hit by a car driven by the police commissioner's sister, his scheming brother-in-law files a bogus suit against the commissioner.
other:Comedian Ben Gleib hosts this game show in which teams of two compete to solve increasingly tough brain teasers. Faster answers mean more money.
drama:Grieving parents journey through an emotional void as they mourn the loss of a child in the aftermath of a tragic school shooting.
international:Eduard, a husband and father who loses his family in a tragic accident, travels to parallel universes to seek a better fate for his beloved wife.
documentary:Curious kids Emma and her big brother Tim observe different animals as they make their way through various life milestones, from birth to adulthood.
children:Igor, the brilliant but deformed assistant to mad Dr. Glickenstein, dreams of winning the Evil Science Fair and the heart of village beauty Gretchen.
drama:In three stories set in Northeast India, a child goes on the run, a young adult falls in with the wrong crowd and a desperate man turns to crime.
comedy:The stand-up sensation tackles TV's Shark Tank, what it means to be a woman and how to deal with the lawless party goblin that lives in us all.
comedy:Newly engaged comic Iliza Shlesinger dives into undeniable truths about life at age 35, the insanity of the road traveled and what's to come.
comedy:Smart and brazen comedian Iliza Shlesinger applies her fresh, laugh-out-loud perspective to the universal struggles between men and women.
comedy:Here comes the bride, and she's got plenty to say. Newlywed Iliza Shlesinger dissects wedding traditions as she mines her nuptials for laughs.
comedy:Last Comic Standing winner Iliza Shlesinger unleashes her acerbic, stream-of-conscious comedy on an unsuspecting audience in her hometown of Dallas.
action:In 2029, the elite police squad Illang combats a terrorist group opposing reunification of the two Koreas. But another enemy may be lurking nearby.
children:Work problems are piling up for a businessman. But when he discovers a pathway to his daughter's imaginary world, he starts finding some solutions.
drama:A teen with vitiligo struggles with self-doubt and anxiety until a new schoolteacher sees her through a different lens, and urges her to do the same.
documentary:With unprecedented access to ICE operations, as well as moving portraits of immigrants, this docuseries takes a deep look at US immigration today.
drama:This anthology illustrates the timeless nature of desire in four stories of incest, bloodlust and other forbidden subjects.
international:Two renowned culinary families led by legendary food icons battle for the position of greatest chef, while protecting their secret kimchee recipes.
international:Driven by revenge, human-turned-vampire Mia sets out to vanquish Dmitry, a ruthless vampire leader who seeks an artifact that grants immortality.
action:After a brawl lands him in a Boys’ Home, a teen seems to be on a promising path until loyalty to his gangster buddy leads to even bigger trouble.
drama:A young father returns home from jail eager to care for his son and become a writer, but crime, poverty and a flawed system threaten his plans.
crime:Supported by a team of fellow thieves, a con artist lures her targets into matrimony and then absconds with their fortunes in this darkly comic series.
action:After a quiet drifter is met with violence and bullying in a small town, he finds himself enmeshed in a vengeful struggle with the local marshal.
international:An author having trouble finishing his new romance novel because he's lost faith in love regains his romantic soul after meeting a flight attendant.
other:A blind pianist fears for her life after the suspicious death of her neighbor, the daughter of a businessman accused of war crimes.
drama:A lawyer's husband is having an affair. When his mistress is found dead, he becomes the prime suspect – and his wife must take charge of his defense.
comedy:After her partner cheats on her, an architect returns to her hometown to reassess her life with the help of her eccentric family. Based on the novel.
crime:When the head of the lucrative family business passes away, his will leaves the clan at extreme odds.
international:Once domineered by her own mother, a well-meaning matriarch has trouble being lax with her children, especially when her daughter-in-law moves in.
drama:A convicted murderer gets out of prison and reunites with his wife, who is plotting revenge against him after years of physical and emotional abuse.
drama:A teacher turns to a dubious man to raise money for her daughter's life-saving surgery, a crisis that is unexpectedly catapulted to a national stage.
international:On the run from assailants, a man desperately seeks to take control of his strange memories before they consume his life — and sanity.
action:A naive and sheltered young woman embarks on a whimsical adventure across Italy in the hopes of meeting director Federico Fellini.
international:After the invasion of Kuwait, a woman’s infant daughter is taken from her. Now, her daughter looks to make her way back home years later.
crime:A blind woman with vices finds herself in the middle of a murder investigation when her best friend turns up dead.
horror:With little oxygen left in their scuba tanks, two sisters are trapped in a shark cage at the bottom of the ocean while great whites circle nearby.
drama:The sudden disappearance of a wealthy banker's wife cracks open a dizzying world of secret fetishes, desperate acts and elaborate deceptions.
drama:A Philadelphia detective slowly unravels as he nurses a lifelong obsession with an enigmatic female serial killer whose crimes defy explanation.
horror:After hearing a boy's cry for help, a pregnant woman and her brother wade into a vast field of grass, only to discover there may be no way out.
anime:Suzu marries into a family living outside of Hiroshima and quickly settles into her new life, until World War II challenges her ability to survive.
international:Betrothed while in utero, a resort group president enters into an arranged marriage with a legal assistant. Despite their bickering, love blooms.
horror:An unconventional demon hunter faces his greatest challenge when he steps inside the subconscious mind of a boy possessed by a powerful entity.
action:In this mind-bending sci-fi thriller, a man runs an espionage business built around entering the subconscious of his targets to mold their thoughts.
drama:Grief-stricken over the death of his true love, singer-songwriter Metin has given up on life, until he meets Gizem, who slowly reawakens his heart.
action:When an imprisoned terrorist cell hijacks a high-security prison in outer space, a CIA agent becomes the one chance of stopping them.
drama:A man returns to his childhood hometown, where he meets the happily married woman he once jilted, while his best friend endures a more volatile union.
other:A couple trying to conceive invite a woman with a mysterious past to move in with them. But it's an invitation they might come to regret.
documentary:In the streets of Senegal, a youth movement rises up against a regime bent on retaining power in this chronicle of the nation's stormy 2012 elections.
children:"When Elastigirl gets recruited for a high-profile crime-fighting mission, Mr. Incredible takes on his toughest assignment ever: full-time parenting."
drama:A man buys a young girl, code-names her Doll and sends her to live with a mother of two who has a mysterious mission to be fulfilled.
other:Wildlife biologist Liz Bonnin explores the natural wonders of India in this series that reveals the species and cultures unique to this ancient land.
drama:Stripped of his heritage at a residential school, an indigenous student finds refuge on the rink when he discovers a passion for hockey.
other:Matchmaker Sima Taparia guides clients in the U.S. and India in the arranged marriage process, offering an inside look at the custom in a modern era.
action:Indiana Jones is drawn into a Russian plot to unearth the Crystal Skulls of Akator, Amazonian artifacts with supernatural powers.
action:Accompanied by his father, Indiana Jones sets off on his third adventure to explore the cradle of civilization on a perilous hunt for the Holy Grail.
action:When Indiana Jones is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant, he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime.
action:Indiana Jones, his young sidekick and a spoiled songbird get more than they bargained for when they go to India in search of a missing magical stone.
drama:After a weekend fling with artist Victor, Veronica, a psychiatrist and politician's wife, becomes the target of Victor's dangerous romantic obsession.
documentary:Former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich makes a compelling case about the serious crisis the U.S. faces due to the widening economic gap.
documentary:Italians in London reveal the ups and downs of immigration and touch upon their uneasiness about leaving behind their crisis-ridden homeland.
action:A Jewish cinema owner in occupied Paris is forced to host a Nazi premiere, where a group of American soldiers called the Basterds plans a face-off.
crime:The first lady of Mexico is a woman of conviction and ideals. But when she loses faith in her husband, she'll need all her strength to uncover the truth.
anime:After scientists discover a mysterious substance that can influence human minds, two factions wage an all-out battle to control its awesome power.
international:After a chance encounter in LA, two teens from different social backgrounds reunite at an exclusive high school attended by Korea’s über rich.
horror:A teenage girl is caught between the affections of two childhood friends while battling the bloodthirsty demon inside of her that manifests at night.
crime:Alain Delambre, unemployed and 57, is lured by an attractive job opening. But things get ugly when he realizes he’s a pawn in a cruel corporate game.
action:By day, an 18-year-old delivers tofu for his father, a retired race car driver; but by night, it's the teen's turn to take the wheel.
other:Ten of the country's most skilled tattoo artists compete for $100,000 and the title of Ink Master in this high-stakes elimination competition.
drama:An ad agency CEO is put under investigation when his ambitious protégée – and lover – accuses him of sexual harassment, vying for his top position.
action:Unbeknownst to his 12-year-old daughter, a bookbinder has a secret ability to bring characters to life by reading their stories out loud.
international:While living under one roof, five close-knit 20-somethings maneuver the highs and lows of friendship, romantic entanglements and finding themselves.
crime:In a peaceful, rustic town, a retired officer and his family are mired in a murder mystery riddled with shocking, buried secrets.
action:A grieving policeman and a rickshaw driver are brought together by a dark, tragic secret that will change their lives forever.
comedy:A bullied teenager turns to beauty pageants as a way to exact her revenge, with the help of a disgraced coach who soon realizes he's in over his head.
documentary:Take a trip inside the mind of Bill Gates as the billionaire opens up about those who influenced him and the audacious goals he's still pursuing.
action:A hotshot NYPD negotiator butts heads with the FBI and meets his match in a meticulous criminal mastermind as she attempts to rob the Federal Reserve.
crime:Explore the psychological machinations and immoral behavior that define the most nefarious types of criminals.
other:Explore the history and future of the Freemasons, a fraternal order steeped in both secrecy and tradition.
crime:Mixing dramatic re-enactments with real-life footage, this series delves into the tormented psyches of the world's most infamous serial killers.
documentary:In this documentary, dozens of former agents from the Mossad, Israel's foreign intelligence agency, reveal their top-secret operations.
other:Exposing a rarely seen perspective on the drug wars, ex-Special Forces commando Jason Fox interviews dangerous traffickers and cartel members.
other:Investigative journalist Paul Connolly becomes a voluntary inmate in the world's most volatile prisons, where intimidation and brutality rule.
horror:Hoping to leave their haunted house behind, a suburban family moves to a new place, only to learn the home wasn't haunted... but their eldest son is.
crime:Inspector Gadget is back and must face his old enemy, the evil Dr. Claw, who has reactivated MAD, his global crime syndicate.
other:Self-made social media celebrities share the stories of how they built their online empires and where they plan to take their unexpected fame next.
international:Teams of Australian homeowners compete for the title of best Instant Hotel by staying overnight in each other's rentals and rating their experience.
comedy:Unable to locate the elusive mother of a baby girl left on his doorstep, an Acapulco playboy unexpectedly begins to develop feelings for the tot.
crime:Clashes both on the street and in the bedroom pits the female head of the Organized Crime Unit against the cocky leader of a pot-smuggling ring.
other:Aspiring interior designers transform a variety of spaces from dowdy to delightful as they vie for a life-changing contract with a top London hotel.
comedy:Five viral Internet celebrities travel to a competition that will award one of them their own television series in this ensemble comedy.
drama:In this fact-based drama, politically motivated cops in Andhra Pradesh set out to frame four Tamil laborers for a crime, torturing them to no avail.
international:Two wealthy businessmen with car obsessions cross paths with an idealist pediatrician. Love enters the equation, and their lives change for good.
documentary:In this jailhouse interview, Arthur Shawcross, the Genesee River Killer, shares candid details of his crimes and his surprising family bonds.
action:Dreaming of escaping to a distant city, a ferocious warrior and a mysterious boy tangle with territorial warlords and their highly trained killers.
drama:In the near future, two frightened sisters fight for survival after losing their father during a deadly, quietly looming apocalypse.
documentary:With stunning views of eruptions and lava flows, Werner Herzog captures the raw power of volcanoes and their ties to indigenous spiritual practices.
international:Passengers and crew aboard a hijacked overnight flight scramble to outrace the sun as a mysterious cosmic event wreaks havoc on the world below.
action:A young man gives up everything – including his trust fund and ties to a seemingly stable family – to lead a solitary life in the wild.
drama:Police officer Pipa works on her first big case while simultaneously investigating her boss, who is suspected of murder. The prequel to Perdida.
anime:Yanked down a well, schoolgirl Kagome Higurashi emerges in feudal Japan, where she must reassemble a sacred jewel while eluding half-demon Inuyasha.
action:Ai, a young half-demon who has escaped from Horai Island to try to help his people, returns with potential saviors InuYasha, Sesshomaru and Kikyo.
action:The Great Dog Demon beaqueathed one of the Three Swords of the Fang to each of his two sons. Now the evil power of the third sword has been awakened.
action:A powerful demon has been sealed away for 200 years. But when the demon's son is awakened, the fate of the world is in jeopardy.
action:With their biggest foe seemingly defeated, InuYasha and his friends return to everyday life. But the peace is soon shattered by an emerging new enemy.
children:When Zim reappears to begin the next phase of his evil alien plan to conquer Earth, his nemesis Dib Membrane sets out to unmask him once and for all.
drama:After the end of apartheid, newly elected President Nelson Mandela uses the 1995 World Cup rugby matches to unite his people in South Africa.
drama:After learning she's pregnant, a teen grapples with the consequences while trying to go about her life as if nothing has changed.
documentary:Artists and writers delve into the heart of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's timeless fable, which captured the imagination of children and adults worldwide.
drama:At an initiation ritual for the young men of his Xhosa community, a closeted factory hand meets a Johannesburg teen who discovers his best-kept secret.
drama:As a young scientist searches for a way to save a dying Earth, she finds a connection with a man who's racing to catch the last shuttle off the planet.
action:An occupying Japanese general challenges Chinese men to duels to prove the superiority of the Japanese, but Ip Man refuses to fight – at first.
action:New in Hong Kong, martial arts instructor Ip Man perseveres and retaliates against his rivals' opposition to the Wing Chun fighting style he teaches.
action:Martial arts master Ip springs into action when his son's school is threatened by a shady American, then defends his status as wing chun champion.
action:Ip Man travels to San Francisco with his son and wrestles with tensions between martial arts masters and his star student, Bruce Lee.
drama:A boy with a hearing and speech impairment – and extraordinary athletic ability – chases his lifelong dream of playing cricket for India.
comedy:Bored in their happy marriage, a couple decides to spice things up by fighting more, but their game takes the relationship on an unexpected path.
international:Two friends' lives are changed forever when they are recruited by a top-secret organization tasked with protecting the country from foreign threats.
documentary:A record-setting triathlete dares to complete 50 Ironman races – a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride, and a 26.2-mile run – in 50 days in 50 states.
documentary:This documentary examines the influence of Hong Kong's martial arts cinema on filmmaking from the Shaw Brothers to modern-day Hollywood blockbusters.
international:Three 30-something women in high-level jobs at a beauty e-commerce firm seem to have it all – except when it comes to love and romantic chemistry.
children:While battling to keep the Red Skull and Taskmaster from unleashing a Hydra army, Iron Man and Captain America must learn to work together.
children:Teen phenom Tony Stark takes to the skies with an ingeniously engineered suit of armor to learn the truth about his father's mysterious death.
action:Decades after a nuclear war, survivors on the moon revisit Earth to locate a potential power source – and find shape-shifting reptiles instead.
drama:A stunning cancer diagnosis spurs Abbie to seek a future girlfriend for fiancé and childhood sweetheart Sam, who's clueless when it comes to dating.
anime:Lovable goof Bell Cranel wants an adventure, and when he meets the diminutive goddess Hestia, he gets much more than he bargained for.
drama:A young widow is hired as the domestic helper for a wealthy architect, but social divides come to the fore as an unlikely attraction grows between them.
international:When an aspiring architect falls for her Deaf neighbor, they develop a connection and set out to form their own love language despite their differences.
comedy:When the duplicitous Rajiv expresses his love for Payal, a cruel lie kicks off a story of self-discovery and unexpected romance.
drama:A young millionaire is willing to do anything to make the schoolteacher he loves happy. Even if it means helping her marry someone else.
comedy:A deceitful woman seduces two of her late husband’s crooked friends into helping her hatch a nefarious kidnapping plot for a hefty ransom.
comedy:A billionaire's daughter fakes a relationship with a cash-strapped boxer in order to coerce her parents into letting her pursue her culinary dreams.
documentary:Through the lens of faiths and cultures in seven provinces in Indonesia, this documentary follows individuals who strive to address climate change.
documentary:Amid rising oil and gas prices and dwindling resources, tiny islands off the coast of Europe are rethinking the future of energy.
comedy:Single at 34, Isoken is maneuvered by her mother toward a relationship with a black entrepreneur but finds herself drawn to a white photojournalist.
international:Four Korean celebrity men and guest stars of both genders discuss women, sex and relationships – to an unprecedented degree of openness.
drama:Two young lovers in Banaras are caught in the crossfire of a feud between their powerful families and a political climate destroying their city.
horror:As danger stalks the world outside his isolated home, an overprotective father faces a tough decision when another family shows up seeking help.
documentary:The extraordinary life of beloved acting teacher and theatre producer Wynn Handman is recalled in this portrait of a provocative, innovative artist.
comedy:Laida and Miggy used to be in love, but now they're forced to work together in a professional capacity – and neither is completely over their past.
children:"The Olsen twins put a cute new spin on Mark Twain's classic tale The Prince and the Pauper, playing identical 9-year-olds from very different backgrounds: orphaned Amanda and wealthy Alyssa."
comedy:An old-school Brooklyn native devotes his days to caring for his adorable dog, Bruno – and making sure the neighbors show his pooch the proper respect.
comedy:When a beautiful belly-dancer moves into their apartment building, a group of unhappily married men strives to get her attention.
comedy:After a man promises his fiancé a dream wedding, he must keep up with her outrageous requests to have the most lavish ceremony possible.
comedy:When Eva and Alex decide to wed in England, where they met three years earlier, obstacles including a labor strike and a volcano keep them apart.
international:An extraordinary road to emotional healing opens up for an antisocial children's book writer and a selfless psych ward caretaker when they cross paths.
comedy:Two down-on-their-luck singers set out to marry wealthy women – but not everyone is happy to have them climb the social ladder.
international:In a colorful Seoul neighborhood, an ex-con and his friends fight a mighty foe to make their ambitious dreams for their street bar a reality.
drama:A homemaker and a writer are prime suspects – and the only witnesses – in a double murder, and it’s up to one detective to uncover the elusive truth.
documentary:This unfiltered documentary follows the rocky life and stratospheric career of Allen Iverson, an NBA icon who left an indelible mark on the sport.
drama:A tragic romance unfolds during a teacher's lessons on the Benin empire after they begin to mirror her love life when her childhood love reappears.
comedy:A medical student-turned-zombie tries to retain her humanity by eating brains at the morgue and finds she has an uncanny new gift for solving crimes.
children:Young koala caretaker Izzy Bee and her family rescue cuddly creatures in need and help them head back into the wild on Australia’s Magnetic Island.
children:Miniforce, a special task force of elite rangers, takes on the Lizard Army to save Earth before it’s too late, in this prequel to the TV series.
international:Megastar Jay Chou joins his A-list friends in this globe-trotting variety show packed with music and magic tricks.
action:When a mysterious woman hires Shankar to spy on a family, he must determine how his own father's abandonment figures into the situation.
drama:To avoid alimony payments, an aspiring actor schemes for his ex-wife to marry an unlikely suitor, but soon realizes he may not be ready to lose her.
comedy:Soft-spoken Jai and spitfire beauty Aditi couldn't be more different – but their family and friends know that they're a perfect match.
comedy:A philandering tour guide in Europe begins to develop feelings for one of his clients while helping her search for her lost engagement ring.
comedy:Changing fortunes await a wealthy but dejected industrialist when he meets a spirited chatterbox on a train in this breezy Bollywood romantic comedy.
children:Equipped with a mechanical heart and determined to stay out of death's shadow, young Jack understands that love could prove fatal.
documentary:Once upon a time, baseball cards were as much an American pastime as the sport. But then scandal rocked the multi-million-dollar industry for good.
crime:Ken Bruen's bestselling crime novels leap to life in this series of TV movies featuring Irish cop-turned-private-investigator Jack Taylor.
comedy:Comedian Jack Whitehall takes the stage to tell stories about drinking, drugs, a Google Maps van and his ongoing rivalry with Robert Pattinson.
comedy:Jack Whitehall invites his notoriously stuffy father onstage in London's West End for a Christmas comedy extravaganza, complete with celebrity guests.
comedy:Jack Whitehall hits the stage with hilarious tales about happy couples, life in hotels, human stupidity and his well-traveled father.
other:Jovial comic Jack Whitehall invites his stuffy father, Michael, to travel with him through Southeast Asia in an attempt to strengthen their bond.
drama:When an aging flight attendant's caught smuggling cash and forced to help with an investigation, she hatches a clever plan to make off with the dough.
documentary:Rachael Stirling narrates this multifaceted portrait of former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and her younger sister, Lee Radziwill.
comedy:A lottery ticket salesperson faces an ethical dilemma after setting aside a soon-to-be winning ticket for a customer to pick up and pay for later.
other:After being reunited with a brother he thought was killed in combat, a former army medic begins to experience violent, paranoid visions.
drama:Wishing to settle an old score, a promising soccer player defies his coach’s wishes and leads his team to participate in a violent form of the sport.
comedy:Tired of her passionless marriage, Marianne wants a separation from her husband, Gustav, who, in response, decides to make a big change of his own.
drama:In early 1990s Malaysia, a Tamilian boy faces pressure from his immigrant father to focus on school but is drawn to his uncles’ lives of crime.
action:An eccentric, self-proclaimed detective goes on an action-packed hunt for his missing father, with an awkward but adventurous journalist by his side.
comedy:Sick of keeping their love a secret from their constantly bickering mothers, a young couple seeks to uncover the cause of the women’s longstanding war.
drama:Incarcerated for a crime he didn’t commit, a young man must navigate the crowded, cut-throat environment of prison as he awaits trial.
other:At the Sacramento County Jail, incarcerated women fight the power and one another as they try to make the best of life – and love – on the inside.
action:Four cops escorting a mobster to a high-security prison fight for survival when a gang boss orchestrates a riot from outside to silence their charge.
other:Jake, Izzy, Cubby and Skully face off against the scheming Captain Hook in a race to find special treasures hidden all around Never Land.
drama:A gifted young man from a drought-stricken village helps a group of ecologists find water for migrating flamingoes.
drama:When they travel to their father's ancestral village, city kids expecting a natural paradise instead find a poor, dusty town that harbors secrets.
other:Offbeat comic James Acaster covers the strange, the mundane and everything in between in this collection of four wide-ranging stand-up specials.
crime:A group of small-town young men run a lucrative phishing operation, until a corrupt politician wants in on their scheme – and a cop wants to fight it.
comedy:After 11 years in Canada, young Meena returns to her native Pakistan for a family wedding and becomes romantically entangled with an adopted cousin.
comedy:Jandino Asporaat riffs on the challenges of raising kids and serenades the audience with a rousing rendition of Sex on Fire in his comedy show.
romance:After vowing to remain chaste until marriage, Jane Villanueva learns she's pregnant due to a medical slip-up and has to rethink her future.
comedy:Chilean comedian and personality Jani Dueñas pours out her feelings on issues that are all too universal, from aging to dieting to sex.
drama:A couple’s caustic, increasingly jarring interactions over a Mumbai evening strain their relationship until it threatens to break at its fraying seams.
anime:After catastrophic earthquakes devastate Japan, one family's resolve is tested on a journey of survival through the sinking archipelago.
international:Find out everything there is to know about Japanese tradition, from food to culture to objects and arts, and the people who are continuing it today.
action:When a U.S. senator’s son is held captive by Hezbollah militiamen, a group of highly trained soldiers ventures into enemy territory to bring him home.
comedy:Shinda loves Laali but can't have her, so he and his friends come up with an elaborate plan to solve all their problems and win her.
comedy:Without fully realizing the consequences, a boy who wants to relocate from India to Canada sells his heart to a gangster in need of a transplant.
comedy:Jay and Silent Bob's comic book alter egos have been sold to Hollywood without permission, so they head to Tinseltown to sabotage the production.
drama:Tormented by mistrust, a businessman hires a cagey tailor to track his wife's whereabouts with her doctor only to send his mind further down an abyss.
comedy:A rude, self-centered businessman seems to be on the brink of losing everything until a night janitor at his office helps him find redemption.
comedy:America's most beloved ventriloquist hits the road, bringing along all of his most popular pals, including Achmed, Peanut and Walter.
comedy:Playing straight man to partners half his size, ventriloquist Jeff Dunham – one of America's funniest comics – slays audiences across the country.
comedy:Jeff Dunham takes the stage in Dallas with his old pals Peanut, Walter, José Jalapeño, Bubba J and Achmed to poke fun at himself and American culture.
comedy:Politically incorrect and often raunchy humor pepper ventriloquist Dunham's live concert performance featuring characters Walter, Achmed and Peanut.
comedy:Jeff Dunham returns with a haunted house full of his hysterical entourage, and each character stars in its own horror movie trailer.
comedy:Ventriloquist Jeff Dunham brings his rude and slightly demented posse of puppets to Ireland for a gleeful skewering of family and politics.
comedy:Unfiltered ventriloquist Jeff Dunham brings his ragtag crew of puppet pals to Hollywood for big laughs about celebrity culture and California living.
comedy:Politically incorrect, sometimes raunchy ventriloquist Jeff Dunham is joined by his irreverent cast of characters in this hilarious Christmas special.
comedy:Grammy-nominated comedians Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Guy bring their distinctive brand of humor to a packed crowd in Minneapolis.
comedy:Comedian Jeff Garlin (unintentionally) celebrates his 37th year of stand-up and shares his learnings on love, loss, success and food addiction.
crime:Stories from survivors fuel this docuseries examining how convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein used his wealth and power to carry out his abuses.
drama:After becoming an overnight star via the internet, teenage rocker Jem and her sisters journey to LA, where fame, fun and a family mystery await.
comedy:Jen Kirkman delivers some sharp, hilarious truths about divorce, kids, sex and turning 40 in this Netflix original comedy special.
comedy:Incisive comic Jen Kirkman gets real about women's bodies, the value of alone time and an Italian private tour guide who may have been a ghost.
international:This drama follows Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera's unlikely rise from suicidal pregnant teen and abused wife to banda superstar.
documentary:Jenny Slate's first stand-up special is a mix of stage time, funny stories about adulthood and conversations with family in her childhood home.
other:Alex Trebek hosts one of TV's longest-running game shows, where a trio of players buzz in with their knowledge of history, arts, pop culture and more.
documentary:This documentary profiles influential chef Jeremiah Tower, who played a pivotal role in the invention of a revolutionary new American cuisine.
documentary:The journey of fashion designer Jeremy Scott from humble roots on a Missouri farm to creative director of Moschino is charted in this documentary.
other:Jake returns to his Kansas town to collect an inheritance, but a nuclear blast cuts off the outside world and makes him a reluctant leader amid chaos.
comedy:Jerry Seinfeld returns to the club that gave him his start in the 1970s, mixing iconic jokes with stories from his childhood and early days in comedy.
comedy:Jerry Seinfeld takes the stage in New York and tackles talking vs. texting, bad buffets vs. so-called great restaurants and the magic of Pop Tarts.
documentary:Christian Charles's documentary follows established comedian Jerry Seinfeld and up-and-comer Orny Adams as they navigate the stand-up circuit.
comedy:Months after his classic TV sitcom ends, the legendary comic returns to his stand-up roots to deliver his best jokes on a sold-out international tour.
drama:Adapted from the hit Broadway musical, this nostalgic look at the Four Seasons and their bumpy offstage lives stretches across four decades.
children:Armed with popularity tips from her beautiful older sister, precocious Jessica Darling prepares to navigate the treacherous world of seventh grade.
documentary:Host Hugh Bonneville traces Jesus' last days to learn how the execution of an itinerant Jewish preacher had an immense impact on society.
documentary:The story of famed L.A. nightclub Catch One and owner Jewel Thais-Williams, who defied all odds and provided a safe space for black LGBT communities.
drama:During the internet's infancy, a vulnerable woman follows her sister into the sex industry as a webcam model but her sudden popularity tests their bond.
documentary:Explore how John F. Kennedy's worldview was influenced by his younger years, when he endured poor health, family tragedy and a demanding father.
comedy:"Juggling personal predicaments and workplace woes, three buddies and bandmates practice for their ultimate dream: winning a coveted music competition."
international:In British-ruled, 19th-century India, a 14-year-old girl trains as a warrior and becomes a devoted crusader in her country's fight for independence.
documentary:Through the lens of his stunningly immersive performance as Andy Kaufman, Jim Carrey ponders the meaning of life, reality, identity and career.
comedy:"Comedian Jim Gaffigan cuts loose on a variety of topics, including Hot Pockets, holidays, Catholicism and his favorite activity: doing nothing."
comedy:America's king of clean comedy delivers wickedly funny jokes in his fifth hour-long special.
comedy:Jim Gaffigan offers up his take on bacon, bowling and other weighty topics in this stand-up performance filmed live in Austin on his 2008 comedy tour.
comedy:Funnyman Jim Gaffigan offers up his unique take on everything from Disney World to overweight whales in this live show from Washington, D.C.
comedy:Comic Jim Gaffigan delivers his sardonic take on topics like eating, exercise, weddings and his five kids in this live stand-up special.
comedy:Nothing is sacred in this show from Australian comic Jim Jefferies, whether it’s the mother of his child, auditioning disabled actors, or gun control.
comedy:Returning for a second Netflix comedy special, Jim Jefferies unleashes his famously ferocious black humor to a packed house in Nashville, Tennessee.
comedy:Between scenes from an excruciating date, Jim Jefferies digs into generational differences, his own bad habits and the shifting boundaries in comedy.
comedy:The gleefully irreverent Jefferies skewers grabby celebrities, political hypocrisy and his own ill-advised career moves in a brash stand-up special.
comedy:In this unrestricted jaunt through a gleefully filthy mind, comic Jim Norton offers a personal perspective on romance, desire and sexual proclivities.
documentary:Jimi Hendrix's family, friends, and fellow musicians discuss his life and influence. Hendrix also appears in classic performance footage.
comedy:British comedian Jimmy Carr unleashes his deadpan delivery and wickedly funny one-liners to a sold-out audience at the UK's Hammersmith Apollo.
comedy:Nothing is off limits as Jimmy Carr serves up the most outrageous jokes from his stand-up career in a special that's not for the faint of heart.
children:When gooey green aliens kidnap all the adults in Retroville, it's up to 11-year-old Jimmy Neutron to come up with a plan to rescue them.
international:In the 1980s, a simple-minded fool named Hideaki meets comedy legend Sanma, changes his name to Jimmy and becomes a comedic superstar.
drama:An Indian man in Canada marries a local citizen to legalize his immigration status. The only problem? His girlfriend isn't thrilled about his new wife.
children:Decades after his trusted apprentice betrayed him, a once-joyful toymaker finds new hope when his kind and curious granddaughter comes into his life.
children:In a magical wonderland, merry children and their furry friends explore their unique hobbies while making eye-opening discoveries through adventures.
international:On a field trip to Petra, two jinns – one good, the other evil – enter the human realm, turning high school into a supernatural battleground.
children:After a century-old curse of bad luck, a determined teen embarks on a journey to break her family’s generational misfortune.
documentary:This documentary profiles sushi chef Jiro Ono, an 85-year-old master whose 10-seat, $300-a-plate restaurant is legendary among Tokyo foodies.
action:Falling in with a band of outlaws during a holy pilgrimage, a country boy tries to change their violent ways ahead of a showdown with the authorities.
comedy:Comedian Jo Koy takes center stage in Hawaii and shares his candid take on cultural curiosities, filter-free fatherhood and more.
comedy:Jo Koy brings the laughs and beats to Manila, spotlighting local culture in a one-of-a-kind show featuring Filipino American comedians, DJs and B-boys.
comedy:Between raising a teenage boy and growing up with a Filipino mother, stand-up comic Jo Koy has been through a lot. He's here to tell you all about it.
drama:On the run from a dogged internal affairs agent, a corrupt cop reluctantly teams up with a defiant teen to unravel a conspiracy – before it's too late.
documentary:Literary icon Joan Didion reflects on her remarkable career and personal struggles in this intimate documentary directed by her nephew, Griffin Dunne.
comedy:At 78, Joan Rivers has no interest in slowing down, and no one's immune from her caustic barbs in this stand-up special.
comedy:Comedian and celebrity impersonator Joaquín Reyes decides to be his zesty self for a night of stories about buses, bathroom habits, royalty and more.
action:In 16th-century India, what begins as a strategic alliance between a Mughal emperor and a Hindu princess becomes a genuine opportunity for true love.
documentary:From his star turn at Woodstock to his battles with addiction, this film chronicles the stormy life and unique talent of soulful singer Joe Cocker.
comedy:Stand-up comic Joe Mande aims for critical adulation with this special that covers dating shows, Shark Tank, Jewish summer camp and much more.
comedy:Outspoken as ever, comedian Joe Rogan takes on current culture, pro wrestling, pot laws, cats, vegans and more in a stand-up special shot in Boston.
comedy:Unleashing his inquisitive, intense comedic style, Rogan explores everything from raising kids and Santa Claus to pot gummies and talking to dolphins.
documentary:Truth and fiction blend in this quasi-documentary about six exhausted workers at a Mumbai call center servicing U.S. customers.
documentary:Featuring interviews and never-before-seen footage, this film tells the story behind John Lennon and Yoko Ono’s seminal 1971 album, “Imagine.”
action:One minute, Civil War veteran John Carter is evading Apaches; the next, he's waking up on Mars, a once-fruitful planet that's devolved into chaos.
international:A bank manager and his wife, still grieving over their daughter who died in a fire, become pawns in a bank heist with ties to corruption and fraud.
drama:A reformed LA gang member upends his peaceful new life when he steps in to protect two young immigrants from his violent former leader.
comedy:In this one-man Broadway show, John Leguizamo finds humor and heartbreak as he traces 3,000 years of Latin history in an effort to help his bullied son.
documentary:Iconic rocker John Mellencamp lights up Chicago in an electrifying live performance featuring old classics and new tracks.
children:John Mulaney and his kid pals tackle existential topics for all ages with catchy songs, comedy sketches and special guests in a nostalgic variety special.
comedy:John Mulaney relays stories from his childhood and “SNL,” eviscerates the value of college and laments getting older in this electric comedy special.
comedy:Stand-up comedian John Mulaney tackles such red-hot topics as quicksand, Motown singers and an elderly man he once met in a bathroom.
comedy:Armed with boyish charm and a sharp wit, the former SNL writer offers sly takes on marriage, his beef with babies and the time he met Bill Clinton.
documentary:A rural electronics whiz broadcasts radio signals into space and monitors for signs of aliens, but makes a more important connection here on Earth.
children:Crafty 11-year-old Johnny Test and his genetically modified talking dog go on high-octane adventures to save his family (and the world) from disaster.
anime:Multiple generations of the Joestar family – all with the same nickname – confront supernatural villains through a series of time periods.
international:Diagnosed with a condition that could make her infertile, a career woman must choose one of four bachelors to make a baby with before time runs out.
comedy:A remote village situated neither in India or Pakistan becomes its own republic after inmates at the local mental asylum bust loose and take over.
drama:In this quiet, wistful drama, a woman on her deathbed searches her fraying memories for love and fulfillment through surreal, meditative tableaux.
drama:During Carnival, two teens from different classes meet years after being kept apart. Bad decisions lead the boy to hide with the girl inside a float.
drama:Two siblings share a body, each getting it for 12 hours a day. But when one of them breaks the rules, their whole way of life comes crashing down.
other:In 1806, ambitious magician Norrell leads a revival of practical magic in England and ignites a fierce rivalry with bold young conjurer Strange.
action:The wounds of a traumatic childhood and a corrupt, unjust system push a young man into becoming a cold-blooded, ruthless gangster.
children:With his gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat, Joseph inspires jealousy in his brothers in this animated Bible story.
documentary:Mobilized by teenage activist Joshua Wong, young citizens of Hong Kong take to the streets in a bid to preserve their history of autonomy from China.
documentary:This docuseries delves into the untold stories and unsung heroes that paved Nigeria's road to independence. Based on the books by host Olasupo Shasore.
comedy:When they flee Paris for a remote village in Greenland, two part-time actors become immersed in the archaic Inuit culture and forge unexpected bonds.
drama:Close to paying off her debts, a Nigerian sex worker in Austria coaches a reluctant novice, and assesses the risks of taking a faster path to freedom.
international:A paranormal researcher searches obsessively for a cursed home where something terrible happened to a mother and her child long ago.
international:After many years away, a woman returns to her hometown, where her mayor father presides over a corrupt, lawless and rundown municipality.
international:Juana Inés de la Cruz, a powerful feminist nun involved in a forbidden love affair with a woman, faces oppression in 17th-century Mexico.
drama:Burdened by troubles in life and love, a mother of three grown children searches for hope and healing on an impromptu trip to Paper Moon, Montana.
comedy:Deadpan comic and self-proclaimed world champion Judah Friedlander performs over several nights in New York, explaining why America is No. 1.
comedy:Judd Apatow returns to stand-up comedy after 25 years, riffing on living with three women, amusing moments from his career and much more.
comedy:"Framed by a politician for committing murder, a lower-class boy hires the only counsel he can afford: a lawyer with no courtroom experience."
comedy:Separated at birth, a pair of identical twins unexpectedly reunite as adults and embark on a madcap mission to take down a common enemy from their past.
action:Separated at birth, twins Raja and Prem couldn't be more different. But when fate puts them both in London, they start being mistaken for each other.
children:In this family film, never-dull third-grader Judy Moody embarks on a summer adventure with her brother, Stink, and always-up-for-fun Aunt Opal.
documentary:Following the stories of five diverse individuals, this documentary offers a glimpse into the indomitable tenacity of several Mumbai residents.
comedy:In this heartwarming tale, Julie Powell decides to spice up her uneventful life by cooking all 524 recipes outlined in Julia Child's classic cookbook.
children:Julie lost her passion for music when she lost her mom. But when three ghostly guys appear and lift her spirits, they decide to start a band together!
children:Adorable puppets stage their own musical under the watchful eye of mentor Julie Andrews in this original kids' series from the Jim Henson Company.
children:Paul Frank's fun artwork comes to life in this show that follows monkey Julius Jr. and his friends as they explore the world and help each other out.
international:Despite their estranged families, Juman and Hisham fall in love and get married but their different outlooks on life soon threaten their relationship.
international:Sang-ah would do anything to shield pop star Ah-shin from rabid fans. But after an act of protection gone wrong, it looks like she's the crazy one.
comedy:After a whirlwind romance, a couple rushes to say I do at the bride's family estate on Martha's Vineyard, where their relations meet — and clash.
comedy:When a big-city art dealer travels to North Carolina to meet her new husband's small-town family, their trip gives rise to a multitude of problems.
action:A young impoverished woman learns she's been predestined to change the fate of the universe after a genetically engineered hunter tracks her down.
children:Six teens invited to attend a state-of-the-art adventure camp on Isla Nublar must band together to survive when the dinosaurs break out of captivity.
comedy:Stuck in a time loop where it's forever Christmas, a family man who hates the holiday starts to learn valuable lessons about what's important in life.
drama:When he causes a car accident that leaves a young woman with amnesia, a man finds himself telling incredible lies to make her and her family happy.
comedy:Years after high school, a once-portly nice guy comes home for the holidays and reunites with a former crush he still has feelings for.
drama:Inspired by his love affair with a conservative lawyer, the lead singer of a struggling garage band pens a hit song that propels him to fame.
international:An overconfident teen bets he can make a homely transfer student fall in love with him in 30 days — but the wager starts to play games with his heart.
international:When her uptight new boss and landlord starts a war on office romances, plucky Liang-liang quickly starts looking for ways to get him to lighten up.
other:A U.S. Marshal arrives at a small town in Nevada, only to learn that his preacher brother is dead after standing up to the town's mayor and outlaws.
international:Repeatedly on opposite sides of civil cases, two lawyers fall in love outside the courtroom, but circumstances hinder their romance from blossoming.
action:Slick lawyer Sung fears he's been cursed with bad karma and considers giving up his practice – until he's approached by a widow accused of murder.
documentary:Teen idol Justin Bieber provides personal snapshots from throughout his career, culminating with scenes from his triumphant 2010 concert tour.
other:"On the final nights of a world tour, director Jonathan Demme captures what makes the show soar: gifted musicians, deft dancers and a magnetic star."
children:In Justin's dreams, he and his imaginary friends Olive and Squidgy travel around the world learning about nature and other cultures.
children:A young boy's imagination takes him throughout the world and history, where he learns life lessons and has tons of fun with two make-believe friends.
drama:A widowed, single mom takes a job caring for a young girl with spina bifida, and the two discover they have more in common than they realized.
anime:A young boy is wanted for a crime he has no recollection of committing and must go on the run, hunted by two powerful kings and their forces.
action:On board Russia's first nuclear ballistic submarine, Capt. Vostrikov must race against time to prevent a Chernobyl-like explosion.
anime:When they're not gorging themselves on sugary snacks, four aspiring high school musicians crank out catchy tunes as members of the Light Music Club.
anime:The seniors in Sakuragaoka High School's music club live out the graduation trip of their dreams when they celebrate by performing in London.
international:"Seung Yeon decides to chase her dream of becoming a K-pop star and audition for a popular group. There's only one catch: It's a boy band."
international:As a guardian of space-time order, 28-year-old Wang Dadong returns to Bale High School to investigate an anomaly and clashes with King.
international:In the Silver Dimension, Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei plan to enroll in an elite academy as sworn brothers, but KO One visitors derail the plan.
comedy:As an honest locksmith scrambles to pay his late father's hefty debt to the mafia, he crosses paths with a woman in similar trouble and falls for her.
crime:A cop who killed a mobster's son and fled to a small town with a changed identity finds his quiet new life disrupted when he becomes a local hero.
drama:The happy life of a young blind couple is shattered when the wife is raped and corrupt police won't help, sending the husband on a quest for revenge.
drama:When an activist begins aiding a shrewd political advisor — also his girlfriend’s father, personal agendas lead to betrayal as love and duty clash.
drama:Star-crossed lovers from different social strata struggle to overcome differences in class and family expectation, as well as a long separation.
comedy:In this zany comedy, a man is torn between the girl he loves and the respective women his warring mother and grandmother have chosen for him to marry.
horror:Trapped in a national park, a tiger expert and a group of hunters turn to an enigmatic local for help when they mysteriously begin to die one by one.
horror:When a restless spirit curses a village that has a history of female infanticide, the town's fate lies in the hands of a 10-year-old girl.
action:Jailed for robbing his brother’s unscrupulous employer, a simpleton has a transformation while in prison, emerging with a violent mission for revenge.
drama:An aggressive, wayward fisherman abandons his wife and daughters, who grow up to face the consequences of their father's mistakes.
action:In this Hindi version of the Tamil blockbuster, a Tamil gang leader in Kuala Lumpur seeks justice for crimes committed against him and his family.
anime:Ikoma and the Iron Fortress take their fight to the battlegrounds of Unato, joining the alliance to reclaim the region from the kabane horde.
drama:Unhappy in their respective marriages, an ex-footballer and a teacher find true love in each other, but guilt, jealousy and tragedy cloud their affair.
comedy:A dreamer falls for a girl who is in love with someone else and tries to create a rift between her and the man she loves.
drama:Years after his father disowns his adopted brother for marrying a woman of lower social standing, a young man goes on a mission to reunite his family.
drama:An exalted but short-fused surgeon plunges into a spiral of drugs, alcohol and rage after his intense relationship with his girlfriend turbulently ends.
drama:While visiting India for her cousin's wedding, a Canadian girl develops strong feelings for a boy from a lower caste.
international:Pregnant and alone in the city of Kolkata, a woman begins a relentless search for her missing husband, only to find that nothing is what it seems.
children:A troubled young girl and her mother find solace on a journey with a subversive poet whose words captivate their hearts and imaginations.
drama:This Bollywood drama tells the story of three best friends who dream of starting a cricket training academy in Ahmedabad for very different reasons.
drama:A popular singer on the run poses as a bartender and falls in love with a prostitute, but their love is threatened by a violent incident in his past.
international:Yumeko Jabami enrolls at Hyakkaou Private Academy, where students are ranked by their gambling winnings and fame and fortune awaits those on top.
comedy:An uptight MBA student falls for the charismatic new neighbor who charms her troubled family – but he has a secret that forces him to push her away.
comedy:Cheenu dreams of resurrecting the restaurant he has inherited to its former glory, but his brother, a compulsive gambler, loses the place to a cop.
other:A quiet ex-con's tenuous grip on reality starts to slip when his manipulative mother brings out a part of him he hoped to leave behind.
comedy:After a wild night of partying on the town, three buddies wake up to discover they've caused a whole mess of trouble — but can't remember how.
drama:Surrounded by tensions and secrets, a teenage boy searches for validation and navigates life with a dysfunctional family following an HIV diagnosis.
drama:A scientist trying to solve one of the universe's greatest puzzles begins a romance with a much younger colleague that's haunted by a dark secret.
drama:The life and times of iconic South African liberation fighter Solomon Mahlangu, who battled the forces of apartheid, come into focus.
drama:A young man pursues his dreams of wealth by breaking the law, while his twin brother tries to better his life through hard work and honesty.
comedy:Despite doubts from fellow villagers who think he’s crazy, an ambitious dropout commits himself to solving a persistent local electricity crisis.
comedy:With their clashing demands, the mothers of both bride and groom turn wedding prep into comical chaos in this sequel to “Keeping Up With the Kandasamys.”
horror:A doctor and his colleagues who use sex-determination testing for unethical ends face retribution from a supernatural victim who seeks vengeance.
comedy:A carefree racing enthusiast’s womanizing ways end when he meets the girl of his dreams, but their newfound peace is disrupted by a dangerous killer.
international:Elite publishing sales rep Kantaro wraps up his client visits in record time so he can secretly pursue his quest to indulge in the tastiest of sweets.
comedy:Returning home to visit their ill grandfather, two estranged brothers must confront their unresolved rivalry while their parents’ marriage frays.
drama:Falling into an over-the-phone romance with a rickshaw driver, a young woman visits his city when an encounter with a stranger derails their meeting.
comedy:The uneventful life of middle-aged Kudret turns upside down when a road trip turns into a wild race for survival with killers in hot pursuit.
drama:In Catholic 19th-century France, professor Léon Rivail attends a séance and is moved to found spiritism, putting him in the authorities' sights.
comedy:After electrocution leaves a wealthy man brain-damaged, his money-hungry aunt and uncle try to con him by marrying him off to a fake relative.
comedy:Charismatic comedy pals Karol Modzelewski and Łukasz Lotek Lodkowski bring their mischievous brand of humor to Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy.
drama:Unlucky in love and bullied at work, an office drone is resigned to his dead-end life until it’s transformed by mysterious calls from … himself.
drama:A woman of nobility battles patriarchal norms in order to improve educational access for women in early 1900s Indonesian society.
international:When flashbacks reveal that he's the reincarnation of a man murdered by his wife, rock star Monty sets out to get revenge for the decades-old crime.
comedy:After losing his wife, a single father indulges in flimsy flings until he meets his son's music teacher, who imparts a few lessons on love.
comedy:Polish comedians Rafał Pacześ and Katarzyna Piasecka hit the stage at Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy for a night of funny anecdotes and sly jokes.
comedy:A present-day woman takes responsibility for guiding a charming time-traveling 19th-century nobleman through the 21st century.
comedy:Chipper baby boomer Kath, diva daughter Kim and hapless pal Sharon visit Papilloma, Italy, where a royal romance and knockoff fashions await.
comedy:As Kath prepares to wed fine-meats purveyor Kel, her daughter Kim moves back home after becoming disillusioned with her two-month marriage to Brett.
comedy:Secretly in love with his neighbor, a mild-mannered clerk is heartbroken when his much bolder, more charming friend wins her heart instead.
comedy:Fresh from a tour, comedian Katherine Ryan shares shrewd observations about school bullies, revenge bodies and raising a very fancy child.
comedy:Stand-up comic Katherine Ryan reminisces about unusual relationships, life in the hometown she hates and the time she enraged an entire nation.
comedy:The Irish American comic riffs on everything from growing up in Missouri, signing up her parents to be Uber drivers and anything to do with bacon.
comedy:An aspiring actor leaves Hollywood and takes to the road to do stand-up after he's cast in a series of increasingly stereotypical black roles.
comedy:The King of underground comedy delivers unflinching riffs on the American political climate, racial tensions, sex and his disdain for roast beef.
comedy:Urban comic Katt Williams ushers in Kattpacalypse, exploding with more energy than an atomic bomb and riffing on everything from Doomsday to Obama.
comedy:Outspoken comedian Katt Williams pokes fun at a variety of topics, including sex, relationships, parenthood and trying to make it as an entertainer.
comedy:In this 2006 show, comic Katt Williams uses his edgy style and personal experiences to paint a sassy, hilarious portrait of life in black America.
comedy:After falling in love during college, architect Maddy and free spirit Payal have five wonderful years together, until a mystery suddenly divides them.
comedy:On a mission to defy stereotypes, Malaysian stand-up comedian Kavin Jay shares stories about growing up in the VHS era with his Singapore audience.
drama:When a late poet leaves behind his property to a young man, the man's brother suspects the poet may have been more than just a family friend.
comedy:Wrongfully accused of murder, two students' last hope lies with their defense attorney, an inexperienced bumbler who's never even tried a case.
children:Music meets imagination in this inventive animated series about thinking outside the box and having fun.
comedy:As his children plot his death to claim their inheritance, an aging patriarch leaves home, befriending a spunky boy who adds direction to his life.
documentary:In a documentary with unparalleled access, discover the people and sounds that inspired rock 'n' roll legend Keith Richards from childhood to today.
documentary:This docuseries follows several incarcerated people as they pursue a college degree through the Bard Prison Initiative, a rigorous education program.
documentary:Ken Burns's documentary depicts the action of famous Civil War battles, and relates the stories of soldiers, generals and a beleaguered president.
documentary:"Award-winning documentarian Burns profiles three members of one of America's premier political families: Theodore, Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt."
documentary:Historian Ken Burns and his team bring to life the challenges Americans faced in the 19th century as they embarked on westward expansion.
comedy:In his first-ever stand-up special, Ken Jeong pays tribute to his wife and shares stories about Hollywood and how The Hangover saved his life.
anime:Ohma Tokita enters a hidden world where corporate disputes are settled in brutal gladiator bouts. Forget the money, he just wants to fight – and win.
comedy:Fusing his musical and stand-up chops, Kenny Sebastian gets analytical about frumpy footwear, flightless birds and his fear of not being funny enough.
documentary:Amid turmoil in his career and marriage, comedian and film star Kevin Hart opens up about his personal breakthroughs as he navigates crises and fame.
comedy:Stand-up comedy star Kevin Hart delivers his unique perspective on work, race, family and friends with this laugh-riot comedy show.
comedy:As a father of three on his second marriage, Kevin Hart proves that being him is indeed a tall order in a fresh special inspired by his own mistakes.
comedy:Sometimes edgy and always hilarious, comedian Kevin Hart shines in this theatrical version of his record-breaking 2011 live tour.
comedy:Philadelphia funnyman Kevin Hart takes the stage in front of a sold-out crowd at Madison Square Garden, part of his hit Let Me Explain world tour.
comedy:With his unique hip-hop style delivery, African American stand-up comedian Kevin Hart expounds on life at a sold-out concert performance.
comedy:Frenetic comic Kevin Hart hits Philadelphia and dishes on suburban wildlife, jean shorts and the fine art of getting even with a 7-year-old.
comedy:Kevin Hart serves up laughs and brick oven pizza from the comfort of his home, and dishes on male group chats, sex after 40 and life with COVID-19.
children:Kevin Hart highlights the fascinating contributions of black history’s unsung heroes in this entertaining – and educational – comedy special.
comedy:Kevin James makes his long-awaited return to stand-up in this family-friendly special, dishing on fatherhood, fans, his disdain for allergies and more.
comedy:The film and television star riffs on life's many royal pains in this hourlong special taped at New York City's Hudson Theatre in 2001.
documentary:Makeup artist Kevyn Aucoin worked with top supermodels in the 1980s and 1990s. Personal videos merged with interviews provide a peek into his life.
crime:After a rich politician's son kills a young woman's brother, an unlikely romantic connection complicates her pursuit of justice.
action:A prison guard goes undercover as a dancer to try and recapture an escaped criminal and restore her police inspector boyfriend's reputation.
crime:From fake marriages to online shopping fraud, a whip-smart police officer investigates truly baffling cons that were inspired by true stories.
international:The life of a 14-year-old girl is thrown into turmoil when her father dies, forcing her mother to make hard choices for their family.
drama:An embittered former hockey star must engage with the sport again to help his brother assemble a team for a momentous match against the British.
comedy:A free-spirited doctor is hired to assist an injured king and winds up challenging his family's tradition-bound lifestyle as she falls for his son.
action:As a crazed killer blazes a trail of blood through an anxious city, a hardened cop aims to take him down by any means in this remake of “Dirty Harry.”
comedy:A cranky control freak must rely on his comically dysfunctional family to pull off a scam on a greedy land shark who's stolen his prized property.
crime:Five affluent youths find a new sense of purpose as they team up with a Mumbai police officer on crime-busting missions around the city.
other:A strict matriarch's regimented household is upended by the arrival of a spunky relative who challenges the rules.
comedy:While playing matchmaker to a pair of their friends, two young university students begin developing feelings for each other.
drama:A 15-year-old girl with autism attempts to write a mystery novel based on her hunt for the killer of a neighborhood cat.
children:Young beetle Dylan and his friends Hailey and Ollie team up to compete against tough opponents in the exciting, high-octane sport of Battle Blading.
action:Sloan's vow to never return to Thailand is cut short when he's kidnapped and taken to a Thai prison, where he's forced to fight a 400-pound brute.
action:After a skilled fighter falls in the ring, his younger brother emerges from the shadows to train and get revenge against a brutal champion.
comedy:After graduating, four college roomies – petrified by the prospect of facing real life – reluctantly step into adulthood in this ensemble comedy.
children:This high-energy animated series follows a gutsy kid and his trusty race-car pal as they save their city from bad guys and their scary vehicles.
drama:Growing up in poverty and political turmoil, he found his way out in the ring. The early years of world-famous boxer Manny Pacquiao unfolds in this biopic.
children:Cookie, Pudding and Candy are kitten siblings whose favorite things are sweet treats and letting their curiosity lead them on adventures in learning.
action:When beer magnate Alfred Freddy Heineken is kidnapped in 1983, his abductors make the largest ransom demand in history.
drama:Snatched off the street and held for ransom, a bound and gagged woman uses her limited powers to derail her two masked abductors' carefully laid plans.
children:When their fun in the park is threatened by a neighborhood nagger, a group of friends declares war to play freely on their turf.
children:A wacky rabbit and his gang of animal pals have fun solving problems, sharing stories and exploring their sometimes magical, always special world.
action:An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle. But she lives – and plots her vengeance.
action:"The Bride has three left on her rampage list: Budd, Elle Driver and Bill himself. But when she arrives at Bill's house, she's in for a surprise."
action:On a remote island, elite soldiers discover their training exercise is actually an experimental death trap teeming with efficiently lethal robots.
documentary:From politicians to officers, many attempted to kill Hitler – and failed. This documentary delves into the details of how their plots unraveled.
anime:The woman with the scissor blade – Ryuko Matoi – searches for clues all around the world for the truth behind her father's death.
comedy:Bogged down with money problems, a couple grows cautious of each other but hit the lottery and decide to stay together – till death do they part.
action:Posing as a telecom salesman at a business conference, a CIA agent fights to protect a fledgling Eastern European democracy from a military coup.
action:This true crime tale charts the rise and fall of mobster Danny Greene, who faced down the Mafia to gain control of organized crime in 1970s Cleveland.
drama:In the 1980s, a crusading journalist uncovers secret CIA funding for Nicaraguan rebels, but the powers that be silence his investigation.
drama:Growing up poses challenges for Chinu when he moves from city to country and encounters a youth culture far different from what he's used to.
other:An unlucky woman finds a solution for her hateful ex, a trying job hunt and a stalker through a charming P.I. – only to endure a new set of problems.
crime:Via interviews with friends, players and insiders, this docuseries examines how Aaron Hernandez went from an NFL star to a convicted killer.
comedy:An alien band of killer clowns descends from the cosmos to harvest scores of small-town victims, cocooning their prey in cotton candy to eat later.
crime:Brazilian TV personality and politician Wallace Souza faces accusations of masterminding the violent crimes he reported on and rallied against.
other:Journalist Piers Morgan goes behind prison walls to speak with women convicted of shocking crimes, shedding light on what drove them to murder.
action:After a whirlwind romance, Jen and Spencer settle into married life — until Spencer's secret past as a hit man shakes up their suburban bliss.
comedy:In major debt to a loan shark, a nightclub owner who's entered in a celebrity death pool tries to murder a famous figure for half a million dollars.
drama:When a couple low-level crooks rob a Mob-protected poker game, a slick enforcer is hired to track down the offenders and take care of business.
action:Two young men with disabilities befriend a hitman in a wheelchair and become his helpers, only to wind up in the crosshairs of a Serbian mobster.
drama:On patrol in Afghanistan, a British paratrooper unit unwittingly ventures into a dry riverbed that turns out to be littered with land mines.
comedy:While running a convenience store in Toronto, members of a Korean-Canadian family deal with customers, each other and the evolving world around them.
drama:Already coping with a bully, a mercurial older brother and summer school, 15-year-old Jack is saddled with his young cousin for an eventful weekend.
drama:When a powerful businesswoman’s political ambitions are threatened by her underworld connections, the ensuing power struggle could cost her everything.
comedy:Strapped for cash, a traveling projectionist begins to run a DVD pirating business, putting him at odds with his young, skeptical son.
action:A wealthy, despicable businessman comes to the realization that he may lose half his fortune to the obnoxious wife he's trying to divorce. So, he decides to arrange his own kidnapping in order to wipe himself out and claim poverty.
international:In 210 B.C., during the upheaval following the death of Emperor Qin, insurgent warriors Xiang Yu and Liu Bang fight for control of the Chinese empire.
drama:Struggling to keep his training center afloat, a former MMA legend faces more challenges as he tries to manage a complicated family dynamic.
documentary:A father's suicide sends a family of eight on a journey through childhood memories and treacherous emotional waters in this poignant documentary.
other:Meet the astonishing animals and adventurous people living on some of the most spectacular – and formidable – mountain ranges in the world.
comedy:"After a bowler loses his hand, his career takes a nosedive. That is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an Amish kid named Ishmael."
drama:A foster mom and her houseful of kids befriend a bitter neighbor after the Rodney King verdict is handed down in 1992 Los Angeles.
crime:The Masire brothers rule Johannesburg's criminal underworld, but a supernatural family curse and a tangled web of betrayal threaten to destroy them.
children:Making her way through a world of mutant animals, a sheltered yet scrappy girl learns how to survive – and get home – with help from her ragtag crew.
comedy:A man's decision to marry three women, to keep them from committing suicide, complicates his relationship with his girlfriend.
action:A bitter family battle ensues between a father and his sons when a businessman makes a deal that entices farmers to sell off their properties.
comedy:A man finds his lucky charm in the form of a woman whom he had once clashed with on every level, but on whose presence he must now rely to succeed.
drama:Faced with a rare form of throat cancer, teen figure skater Carley Allison finds strength in singing for an online audience in this biopic.
other:A lonely young woman hooked on a virtual reality game befriends a party girl who leads her into a world of new thrills and dark secrets.
other:A forensic psychologist teams up with an escaped kidnapping victim to hunt down a serial killer who abducts and dominates strong-willed women.
documentary:Science experts and celebrity activists unpack the ways in which the earth's soil may be the key to combating climate change and preserving the planet.
international:After a night out, Sandee wakes to discover she and her buddy have either taken their platonic friendship to a whole new level or ruined it forever.
international:At a high school in a rural, isolated ranching community, families panic when teens contract a mysterious kissing disease that quickly spreads.
comedy:When a tour guide in Japan goes blind after seeing her fiancé’s infidelity, she befriends a fellow Filipino keen to coax her out of the darkness.
other:Cat-crazy host Jo Brand follows vets and animal welfare officers who take on daring rescues to save furry felines subjected to different cat-astrophes.
comedy:A field hockey-playing pizza delivery boy finds himself transformed from slacker to zombie slayer during an outbreak of the undead in Kuala Lumpur.
children:A selfish postman and a reclusive toymaker form an unlikely friendship, delivering joy to a cold, dark town that desperately needs it.
drama:Fifteen years after the Crusades ended in defeat, a veteran knight becomes master of his order's Paris temple and discovers a shocking secret.
anime:A hero rises to save a world that's also a spaceship under siege by an alien threat in this original anime series based on the popular manga comic.
documentary:Go behind the scenes as four determined women – including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez – challenge big-money politicians in the 2018 race for Congress.
horror:A devoted husband and father on his own for the weekend has his life turned inside out after giving shelter to two young women during a storm.
other:Though culturally insensitive by modern standards, this propaganda film examines the history of Japan from the 16th century through the 1930s.
other:An MIT astrophysics professor and his son unearth a string of numbers from a time capsule that seem to reveal a cataclysm that will wipe out humanity.
international:Gifted with special powers, fighting skills and slick hair, the rowdy KO One navigates tough friendships and high school romance.
international:A time quake propels Wang Dadong into the future, where he encounters a classmate named King who presides over the KO One.
comedy:A 30-year-old who's never taken the traditional path to love is tutored by her friends and family before reconnecting with her high school crush.
comedy:Efsun has found Mr. Right in Sinan, and their relationship is taking a serious turn. But their eccentric families quickly complicate the romance.
comedy:A record company exec joins his estranged dad, a famous photographer who's dying, on a road trip to the last lab still developing Kodachrome film.
comedy:Star athlete Rohan has his eye on a beautiful art student. But when his best friend Simran experiences a crisis, he drops everything to help her.
documentary:Witness the incredible, decades-long friendship between Koko the gorilla and Penny Patterson, who taught Koko to communicate via sign language.
international:The speech-and-hearing-impaired heiress of a palatial mansion must rely on basic instincts when a masked invader is determined to kill her.
drama:As the lives of rich and poor passengers aboard a steamship unfold, buried secrets, lustful affairs and selfish desires are exposed.
documentary:Explore the stories of ordinary people dealing with extraordinary circumstances in this series that focuses on overcoming obstacles and odds.
action:With five loyal friends in tow, explorer Thor Heyerdahl sails a fragile balsa wood raft along an ancient path some 4,300 miles across the Pacific.
children:In 2050, an evil scientist is about to unleash an army of robotic dinosaurs. Now it's up to Kong and friends to fight back and save the day.
children:A bright-eyed girl and her magical owl sidekick find adventure when enchanting powers and creative ideas lead to important lessons.
international:A young woman returns to Malaysia to take over her father’s old coffee shop. Along with inheriting the Kopitiam, she gains a kooky group of friends.
documentary:A love letter to pork belly — a perennial favorite among Koreans of every generation — unfolds with an exploration of its history and cooking methods.
international:A speech and hearing-impaired couple persists through unforgiving obstacles to be accepted by society and live a life of dignity.
comedy:When he sets out to avenge his son's murder, mild-mannered snowplow driver Nils sparks a war between a Norwegian mobster and his Serbian rival.
children:A team of minstrels, including a monkey, cat and donkey, narrate folktales from the Indian regions of Rajasthan, Kerala and Punjab.
children:An artisan is cheated of his payment, a lion of his throne and a brother of his inheritance in these three stories of deception and justice.
children:A cat, monkey and donkey team up to narrate folktales about friendship from Northeast India, and the Indian regions of Bihar and Rajasthan.
children:In three comic-strip-style tales, a boy tries to sell wisdom, a demon is released from captivity, and a king assigns impossible tasks to his minister.
children:In three tales about fear, a baby elephant gets captured by a circus, two boys enter a haunted house and a parrot faces his fear of flying.
children:A cat, monkey and donkey learn the consequences of cheating through stories from the Indian regions of Rajasthan, West Bengal and Maharashtra.
children:Animal minstrels narrate stories about a monkey's friendship with a crocodile, two monkeys' foolishness and a villager's encounter with a demon.
children:The consequences of trickery are explored in stories involving an inconsiderate husband, two greedy courtiers, and a kind man who loses everything.
drama:After 10 years away from her family, Krisha returns for Thanksgiving, but bitter grudges and troubling addictions threaten to ruin the event.
international:Torn between his past and present girlfriends, a confused bachelor’s indecisiveness spins a web of lies and cheating as he struggles to commit.
children:From playing pranks to destroying demons, Lord Krishna and brother Balaram's lives in Vrindavan are action-packed in this mythological series.
action:True love is put to the test when another woman comes between a pair of star-crossed young lovers in this thriller.
horror:Opting to stay on campus over the Thanksgiving holiday, coed Justine and a handful of friends find their break violently disrupted by a sadistic gang.
drama:When a busy workaholic leaves town to meet friends, an unexpected delay leads him to the hut of an old man, whose haunting tale could change his life.
comedy:A kid with a heart condition falls for an ex-stripper with a lot of baggage and joins her Alcoholics Anonymous group to catch her attention.
drama:A student tries to steal a test from a teacher's home, leaving him for dead after an accident. A string of murders may be the professor's revenge.
comedy:Per her mother’s last wish, a girl sets out to reunite her father with the college best friend who loved him – only to discover the woman is engaged.
drama:Accused of killing a politician, a local grocer’s fight to prove his innocence reveals his lifelong struggles with injustice leading up to the incident.
children:In a tale of bravery and heroism, fearless frogs go to war against the sinister scorpions and spiders that have teamed up to conquer the amphibians.
children:Now the Blue Sky King, Darel must lead a rescue mission to save a Dream Walker – leaving the village under the protection of the Kulipari youth.
action:Sing, a mobster in 1940s China, longs to be as cool as the formally clad Axe Gang, a band of killers who rule Hong Kong, but can only pretend.
children:Shortsighted curmudgeon Mr. Magoo and his young nephew, Justin, fight such nefarious foes as kung fu villains, robot spiders and teenage mutants.
children:As preparations for the Winter Feast build, Po is caught between his obligations as the Dragon Warrior and his family holiday traditions.
children:When a twist of fate brings five unlikely animals together, they find that combining their unique kung fu styles as a team makes the perfect weapon!
action:Two mismatched archaeologists battle a team of vicious mercenaries in a race to discover an ancient Tibetan treasure of unimaginable worth.
horror:Five youngsters discover that an antique mirror found in their orphanage is home to an evil ghost who kidnaps children and imprisons them inside it.
drama:A young woman talented at traditional dance finds her life changed when her love for a man clashes with the wishes of her father.
international:When a young Indian couple moves to the American suburbs, they are shocked to discover that they've become enmeshed in a secret terrorist plot.
anime:Five middle school basketball stars went to separate high schools, and now Tetsuya Kuroko and Seirin High are making their play for glory.
anime:When mecha attack a research center, its students, pilots, and researchers must fight back with the help of mysterious artifacts and a young samurai.
documentary:This film charts Nirvana's Kurt Cobain's rise to fame, his drug-addled romance with Courtney Love and the conspiracy theories surrounding his death.
international:A Turkish lieutenant and the daughter of Russian nobles fight for their love against forces of family and social expectation and historical events.
comedy:When a recently single psychologist moves to a new neighborhood, she finds friendship with women starting to rebel against years of domestic abuse.
drama:A young university student's world is shaken after her brief involvement with a wealthy playboy results in her pregnancy.
comedy:Longtime friends Rahul and Karan head to Mumbai intent on making their dreams come true, but both men are suddenly saddled with bad luck.
comedy:When an unlikely porn actor falls for a woman outside the industry, he employs his co-stars as a stand-in traditional family to impress her father.
other:Join Norwegian electronic music superstar Kygo onstage and behind the scenes as he performs at the famed L.A. venue with a bevy of special guests.
comedy:The life and career of a lawyer are thrown into chaos when his son's wish magically renders him incapable of telling a lie.
international:Cinematic lovebirds Aishwarya Rai and Vivek Oberoi star in this love story about a sweet young girl, Diya, brought up by her widowed father on a coffee plantation in the village of Coorg.
crime:In this spinoff of the Bad Boys franchise, two police detectives team up while trying to keep their stormy pasts — and differences — from interfering.
documentary:Best friends Léa and Camille explore the notion of healing while traveling to Latin America in search of a cure for a terminal disease.
comedy:Three best buddies are thrown into a wild chase for a priceless painting that was stolen from a house they used to throw a huge party.
documentary:Previously unseen footage is shaped into a fresh and timely retelling of the 1992 Rodney King trial – and the verdict that sparked civil unrest.
other:The plane crash that killed Buddy Holly also took Ritchie Valens, whose modest upbringing and rise to fame are depicted in this exhilarating biopic.
crime:Eight thieves take hostages and lock themselves in the Royal Mint of Spain as a criminal mastermind manipulates the police to carry out his plan.
comedy:After winning a shared trip to a soccer match, two colleagues who hold opposite world views find they're stuck traveling together for the duration.
international:Worlds collide and lives shatter when Altagracia, a powerful and elegant businesswoman, plots a ruthless revenge while falling in love.
international:In Colombia in 1821, a white orphan is taken in by black slaves. Years after being torn from them, she returns to find her family and childhood love.
international:This irreverent sitcom featues Ludovico, Federica and their three children Bibi, Junior and Ludoviquito, living in Ciudad P. Luche.
international:Personal desires guide the lives of a marriage-averse entrepreneur, a housewife coping with infidelity and a career woman who leaves her spouse.
international:Known as El Mago Pop, illusionist Antonio Díaz shocks and awes celebrities and bystanders around the world with his mind-blowing performances.
international:Reminiscing about his youth in Taiwan's turbulent 1920s, Guo Xuehu reflects on his passion for art, a friendship with a painter – and a doomed romance.
crime:A stone's throw from Africa, the Spanish beach town of La Línea is a drug smuggling hot spot. But the police and mayor are determined to change that.
action:When a gun-toting rebel tries to rescue her kidnapped sister, she finds herself up against a widely feared desperado and a cursed guardian of treasure.
crime:Decades after her capture, a serial killer offers to help solve a string of copycat murders – but only if her son, now a cop, will work by her side.
crime:A former Colombian guerrilla fighter faces challenges as she reintegrates into society and tries to overcome her traumatic memories.
documentary:Photographer Estevan Oriol and artist Mister Cartoon turned their Chicano roots into gritty art, impacting street culture, hip hop and beyond.
crime:Dreaming her whole life of becoming a pilot, Yolanda finds work as a flight attendant, unaware she'll soon be thrust into a drug smuggling operation.
international:In a reimagined history, a mysterious disease besets 18th century France, culminating in a brutal clash between rebels and the aristocracy.
crime:This compelling show tells the story of the legendary Teresa Mendoza, a courageous woman who is perceived as conquering the world of drug trafficking.
international:After a chance encounter that ends on bad terms, two clashing strangers soon cross paths again as their fates become inevitably intertwined.
other:This series responds to the need to believe in miracles, dreams, love stories and happy endings, with positive characters.
crime:Beautiful and ruthless Griselda Blanco, known as the queen of cocaine, becomes Pablo Escobar's boss and governs a world of deceit and death.
drama:Eager for cash, Rajesh joins his friend Shankar's blood-theft operation. As Rajesh's greed grows and the cops close in, Shankar is poised to explode.
comedy:A man who hopes to bring light to his village must compete with an officer from the electricity department to win over the love of his life.
horror:When a family moves into an upscale housing development, they encounter a series of paranormal events that drive them to the edge of insanity.
documentary:Born amid poverty and limited women's rights in the village of Ratu, India, Deepika Kumari rose to become the No.1 female archer in the world at 18.
international:Rising India-based comics Prashasti Singh, Kaneez Surka, Supriya Joshi and Niveditha Prakasam bring no-holds-barred humor to this stand-up series.
comedy:An intrepid high schooler in Sacramento undergoes the trials of love, family and self-discovery as she dreams of escaping to college on the East Coast.
action:An American travels to Hong Kong in hopes of winning a lucrative – but potentially deadly – all-female underground fighting tournament.
drama:When a rebellious teen searches for her unknown roots, it leads her to the sport of dirt track racing and a discovery she didn't expect.
comedy:Comedian Maria Bamford stars in a series inspired by her own life. It's the sometimes surreal story of a woman who loses – and then finds – her s**t.
other:When an apartment building manager discovers a water nymph in the complex's swimming pool, he tries to help her return to her mythical home.
drama:When her romance with a lustful marquis takes an unwelcome turn, a wealthy widow concocts a scheme to get revenge – with help from a younger woman.
comedy:After she pushes her best friend Kort to date a handsome transfer student, college student Allie is left to tackle adulthood on her own.
international:This series tells the life story of Colombian film star Lady Tabares, who was plucked off the mean streets to star in a film and quickly rose to fame.
documentary:After living as a man for nearly 60 years, Laerte Coutinho, one of Brazil's most brilliant cartoonists, introduces herself to the world as a woman.
drama:In 1890s India, an arrogant British commander challenges the harshly taxed residents of Champaner to a high-stakes cricket match.
comedy:Two mooching friends vie for the attention of wealthy, beautiful women only to discover that their lavish lifestyles are bogus.
drama:Guilt-ridden over his involvement in a fatal car accident, a young ex-pat returns to Punjab, falling for a woman who carries traumas of her own.
action:After dropping out of the army, a spoiled teenager reenlists and proves his mettle by becoming an officer just as war breaks out.
other:A vain, self-righteous nobleman falls in love with a village girl and tries to transform her into his version of the ideal woman.
drama:Industrial workers struggle against the greed of their employers and the apathy of the government toward the conditions in which they live and work.
other:Follow the lives, loves, highs and lows of four members of the Women's Land Army who are working at the Hoxley Estate during WWII.
international:After seducing a philandering con man, a rebellious young woman enlists his help in carrying out a heinous crime against her sister.
drama:When their glamorous, fast-paced lifestyle comes to a screeching halt, two sisters try to rebuild their fortunes through music and enterprise.
action:An ex-CIA contractor turned thief is forced to head a CIA gambit to infiltrate a black ops Mexican prison and steal $50 million in drug cartel money.
documentary:Legendary comedy writer and director Larry Charles travels the world in search of humor in the most unusual, unexpected and dangerous places.
comedy:With his signature call to Git-R-Done, Larry muses on swampy weather, late-night shopping at Walmart and other raunchy tales of life in rural America.
children:Two curious worms spend their days investigating the otherworldly objects that fall through the grate into their subterranean world.
children:Stranded on a tropical island, two silly larva buddies find slapstick fun in everything from discovering food to meeting new animal friends.
crime:Based on the book Las Fantásticas, this exciting telenovela follows the tumultuous lives of five women who get mixed up with the Mafia.
crime:When his big stock plan fails, a hotshot fund manager winds up homeless and must learn the secret ranking system of the street in order to survive.
documentary:A commercial diver becomes trapped on the ocean floor with dwindling oxygen and little hope of a timely rescue, so he tries to save himself.
documentary:In a docuseries set at one of NCAA football's most fertile recruiting grounds, guys with red flags seek to prove their worth on the field and in class.
drama:Seeking romance and friendship, a young gay lawyer travels to Fire Island in the off-season and is soon on the run after witnessing a murder.
drama:When disaster strikes mid-flight, a commercial plane's frantic passengers confront their pasts and the possibility of death. Based on true events.
anime:After causing the near extinction of mankind seven years ago, genius scientist Leon Lau must now fight the ecological disaster he unwittingly created.
action:A nobleman who values his people's well-being over his emperor's edicts is killed. His knights vow revenge.
drama:During an evening apart, married couple Joanna and Michael encounter tempting opportunities to cheat on each other with sexy acquaintances.
other:Two widowed childhood sweethearts fall for each other all over again when they are reunited over the Internet after nearly 60 years.
documentary:Injuries sidelined the bright career of New York Yankees pitcher Chien-Ming Wang. This documentary captures his relentless battle back to the majors.
children:When a greedy bear steals a magic stone to keep the forest’s water for himself, a brave hedgehog and a timid squirrel must work together to retrieve it.
comedy:Last Comic Standing runner-up Lavell Crawford lords over a hometown crowd at St. Louis's Orpheum Theatre, raking in the love – and the laughs.
international:Before one of them moves to the U.S., two childhood friends promise to reunite as adults. But illness and the vagaries of the heart stand in the way.
drama:This true-to-life action saga profiles Virginia's bootlegging Bondurant brothers, whose exploits during the Prohibition era made them outlaw heroes.
international:Four couples – a speed-dating pair, a husband and wife, a man living with an older woman and co-workers with opposite views – weather ups and downs.
other:A seasoned British drug dealer longs to ditch his illegal trade. But he can't do that without wrapping up just one more job.
drama:In response to the repeated bigotry she faces, a Muslim teen in Amsterdam tries to find a sense of belonging in the world of fundamentalist Islam.
documentary:After a blackmailing scandal and being sidelined from the French national team, Real Madrid forward Karim Benzema tells his side of the story.
documentary:This documentary retraces the footsteps of Adolf Hitler's mysterious nephew and explores what became of the Hitler family line.
documentary:Fans, experts and creators of the League of Legends detail the game’s rise from free demo to global esports titan.
documentary:Former Scientology members share detailed accounts of alleged abuse and harassment by the Church in this docuseries from actress Leah Remini.
comedy:Anna chooses February 29 to propose marriage to her boyfriend, but after meeting a charming innkeeper, she must evaluate her original plans.
children:Félicie and Victor, two young friends in 1880s France, escape from an orphanage to pursue their dreams in Paris, the glittering City of Lights.
children:In this entertaining installment of the wildly popular early-learning series, Professor Quigley, Leap, Lily and Tad arrive at the magical Letter Factory, where jumbles of sounds are miraculously shaped into letters.
other:With transport support from their magic car, Axel, the LeapFrog pets make a new friend named Max, who helps them learn counting skills in Numberland.
other:Scout takes a magical trip to a farm where an alligator and other friendly critters teach him all about sounding out the letters of the alphabet.
children:Using rhythm and rhymes, a funky band and a colorful cast of characters help make reading, sounding out vowels and building words easy and fun!
other:Simple songs mix with colorful animation to teach youngsters about concepts such as animals, vehicles, numbers, colors and more.
other:Colorful characters and edutaining activities help make learning English fun in this series geared toward youngsters.
comedy:The spirit of a murdered woman contacts four bachelors, enlisting their help to find her killer.
drama:The life of a White House butler who worked for eight presidents unfolds against a backdrop of unparalleled change in American history.
action:After millions of people on Earth suddenly disappear, a pilot flying a plane stuck at 30,000 feet must find a way to ensure the passengers' survival.
drama:Born into a rare supernatural bloodline, Hope Mikaelson attends a gifted private school to master her powers and control her innate urges for evil.
drama:Identical twins and notorious gangsters Reggie and Ronnie Kray elude the authorities in 1960s London while transfixing and terrifying the public.
children:Soren, a barn owl kidnapped from his peaceful forest home, is brought to an orphanage where he must train to become a soldier.
action:A petty thief teams up with two bickering accomplices to safeguard a powerful relic and save humankind from a tribe of vengeful, winged humanoids.
children:When an evil force threatens his village, a gifted teen who can talk to ghosts puts his skills to good use, one legend at a time.
children:When mythical creatures come to life, it's up to Leo, Teodora, Don Andrés and Alebrije – super-secret monster hunters – to save the day.
action:Three assassins – magician Lei Ying, hit man Tieh Hon and kung fu master Ti Tan – are sent to Yunnan by their clan leader to bring to justice another clan member who betrayed the tribe.
documentary:From a circus entertainer to a grip master, meet the bodybuilding heroes who defied physical limits and redefined the meaning of strength.
children:A trio of siblings gets trapped in a secret temple, where they must navigate a risky obstacle course to make it out. Inspired by the ‘90s game show.
action:A motley crew of apocalypse survivors living at an abandoned truck stop never suspects that the pregnant woman among them is carrying the Messiah.
children:Six legendary heroes find themselves on an epic quest as they harness the power of nature's elements to defeat the forces of evil.
other:When Superman and the other Justice League superheroes start disappearing, it's up to Batman to unravel the caper and save the day.
children:Armed with a powerful amulet, a teenage guardian is tasked with protecting her little sister – and all of Elvendale. Based on the popular web series.
children:As a way to make friends, new girl in town Olivia volunteers to work at the Heartlake City World Petacular with four other girls.
children:Five best friends put their teamwork, wits and courage to the test when they take on a mission to protect Heartlake City from bad people.
children:Five best friends face adventures side by side in their hometown. Zany antics, love and missteps are better with friends!
documentary:In Billund, Denmark, a nearly 130,000-square-foot house is constructed with 25 million Lego bricks, capturing the awe of kids of all ages.
children:At Jurassic Park, a velociraptor handler and an operations manager tackle crises of epic proportions as they try to prevent dinosaur-sized disasters.
children:A can-do problem solver teams up with a rugged animal behaviorist to transport a trio of dinosaurs across the park to a super-secret exhibit.
children:The scientists of Jurassic World create a captivating and terrifying new creature that loves hot dogs. But what happens when the hot dogs run out?
children:When Ultron seizes control of Iron Man's armor, the Avengers race to save their friend and stop an evil plot to take over the world.
children:When Thanos joins forces with villains Killmonger and Klaue to destroy Earth, Black Panther rushes to stop them from stealing Wakanda's vibranium.
children:The Guardians are on a mission to deliver the Build Stone to the Avengers before the Ravagers, Thanos and his underlings steal it from them.
children:While fighting foes across Ninjago City and beyond, the ninjas embark on new quests and gain newfound allies as the power of their friendship is tested.
children:Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane must master their elemental powers and Spinjitzu weapons to protect the land of Ninjago, which also has an underworld.
action:Cole finds himself trapped in Yang's temple after accidentally releasing a host of villainous spirits that the Ninja must defeat.
children:In a boomtown built on fun, friendship and wacky mischief, a quirky crew of cops and firefighters work hard to preserve the peace and awesomeness.
children:Villainous Loki is amassing an army to conquer Earth! His antics are keeping Spider-Man and S.H.I.E.L.D. busy as they tackle a host of bad guys.
international:In a near-future world where an oppressive regime segregates society, one woman skirts the system to search for the daughter taken from her years ago.
comedy:To upgrade his life, a simple man fakes his credentials as a lawyer when sudden extraordinary abilities give him the talent to thrive.
documentary:Four doctors at New York's storied Lenox Hill Hospital balance their personal lives and their dedication to their patients in this documentary series.
drama:Addicted to webcams and voyeurism, a married man gets more than he bargained for when an online stranger tries to force him to watch a suicide.
children:Spunky leopard cub Leo and his loyal tiger pal Tig team up for fun and adventure as they explore the forest and learn about ancient legends.
children:Eschewing the carnivorous ways of his fellow lions, maverick Leo follows a vegetarian diet – causing the other lions to shun him.
documentary:This documentary charts 20 years of the French national soccer team, Les Bleus, whose ups and downs have mirrored those of French society.
drama:The musical version of Victor Hugo's epic tale of love and sacrifice, first produced for the stage in 1985, now receives the big-screen treatment.
comedy:From trying to seduce Prince to battling sleep apnea, Leslie Jones traces her evolution as an adult in a joyfully raw and outrageous stand-up special.
documentary:Two priests – one from Dunblane, Scotland, the other from Newtown, Connecticut – bond over school tragedies that occurred 16 years apart.
documentary:This documentary chronicles simmering tension and broken trust between L.A.'s black community and police in the decade before the Rodney King riots.
comedy:A snowstorm hits a small town on a cold Christmas Eve, affecting the friendships, love lives and futures of several high school seniors.
other:Some returning combat veterans suffer scars that are more psychological than physical. This film follows patients and staff during their treatment.
comedy:Disillusioned with her humdrum routine, a married lawyer secretly enrolls in a dance school in this remake of the 1996 Japanese film “Shall We Dance?”
international:Two classmates from elementary school reunite as next-door neighbors and discover their relationship was – and still is – defined by food.
international:With the help of her neighbors, a divorced woman residing in a one-person-household apartment complex learns to balance living alone and eating well.
anime:Young Levius rises through the ranks in the brutal world of metal boxing under his uncle's guidance. Forces outside the ring have their eye on him.
international:Destiny brings Mecnun and Leyla together as newborns, and again years later. Despite unexpected turns in Mecnun's zany life, Leyla remains a constant.
comedy:A resilient housewife, her husband and their marriage therapist become mired in a toxic love triangle and a plot to obtain an antique manuscript.
comedy:A young woman's attempt to come out of the closet on Thanksgiving gets complicated when her male roommate shows up to her parents' home unannounced.
children:When a shy teen transfers to a new school, he elects to mix things up by playing along with the rumor that he's a vampire.
drama:A woman from a small mountain village disobeys her village elders and sets out for the big city in search of her missing husband.
documentary:Filmmakers explore how pop culture shapes a new generation's beliefs about gender, sexuality and violence on display among students on spring break.
other:A crew of oil riggers work an off-season job and swap the blistering cold of their native Canada for sunny, Southern comfort in the Big Easy.
comedy:An adventure-loving young woman catches the attention of a handsome beau in this musical celebration of love, friends and fate.
international:At Korea's top university medical center, ideals and interests collide between a patient-centered ER doctor and the hospital's newly-appointed CEO.
documentary:Computer users across the globe log onto the virtual world of Second Life. But some users' lives are dramatically consumed by this alternate reality.
comedy:Following the death of his beloved girlfriend, Beth, Zach is first shattered and then overjoyed when she inexplicably comes back to life.
drama:A group of Mumbai up-and-comers search for love and struggle for success in this ensemble drama that centers on an eager young call-center executive.
documentary:A couple operates a bustling dog rescue out of their own home, vowing to give a safe space to the neediest pups on the planet – 10,000 and counting.
action:A vengeful son, a cop on a mission, a wannabe actress and a jilted lover find their lives intermingling in unexpected ways over 24 hours in Mumbai.
drama:When authorities jail his son for rejecting religious bias, a poor father’s struggle to bail him out highlights rural India’s enduring casteism.
other:Members of the BBC's Life production crew go behind the scenes to explain just what it took to capture key sequences of the program.
documentary:In the grip of trauma, hundreds of refugee children in Sweden withdraw from life's uncertainties into a coma-like illness called Resignation Syndrome.
international:Two parallel life paths begin for a man and woman in love after she is offered a lucrative promotion far away and must choose between love and career.
drama:Cured of what she thought was terminal cancer, Stella Abbott faces a slew of experiences – good and bad – resulting from years of living for today.
other:This documentary series follows wild creatures in their native habitats as they navigate the perilous journey from birth to adulthood and beyond.
comedy:Seeking job opportunities, a young man arrives in Cairo and becomes increasingly involved with the family of a wealthy businessman.
horror:A shapeshifter has to kill, then inhabit his victims, or die. But as his need for new bodies speeds up, he finally faces down his own mortality.
action:Johnnie To's character-centered drama follows a Hong Kong firefighting crew as they take on harrowing rescue missions and navigate personal dilemmas.
drama:A terrifying home invasion shatters a couple's happy family life and brings their marriage to the brink as painful fallout unfolds.
drama:Over 50 years of their lives, a couple enjoys the blessings and setbacks of parenting, and learns that God has to be at the center of their family.
comedy:After she's left at the altar, a workaholic advertising executive ends up on her Caribbean honeymoon cruise with her estranged father.
other:When Pedro marries her sister, Tita throws herself into her cooking – and discovers she can transfer her emotions through the food she prepares.
documentary:This intimate portrait depicts the rise of artist Lil Peep, whose genre-bending music attracted a massive following and ultimately defined his life.
drama:After each of them loses a child to murder, two women who meet in a support group initiate their own investigation when the police are no help.
drama:A woman who's about to give birth finds her maternal instincts kicking in when she's abducted, imprisoned and brutalized by a vicious gang.
crime:After testifying against the Mafia, ex-gangster Frank Tagliano enters witness protection and asks to be sent to Norway.
documentary:This documentary follows eight women in India who struggle with self-confidence and society's expectations but rediscover themselves through running.
other:Scottish comic Brian Limmy Limond headlines this sketch series featuring him in various roles from a TV psychic to costumed adventurer Falconhoof.
drama:Director Steven Spielberg takes on the towering legacy of Abraham Lincoln, focusing on his stewardship of the Union during the Civil War years.
action:A Hong Kong intelligence officer tasked with finding undercover agents whose identities have been erased finds herself in the paths of rival triads.
drama:An undocumented trans woman seeking legal status in the US becomes romantically involved with the grandson of the elderly woman she cares for.
international:After crossing paths at a crime scene, a renowned math teacher and an antiques appraiser embark on an unexpected journey of love and self-discovery.
action:Kidnapped as a child and raised in the circus, a young lion tamer’s tough side emerges when he gets entangled in an underworld murder mystery.
comedy:When her father falls ill, Adaeze steps up to run the family business – alongside her uncle – and prove herself in a male-dominated world.
comedy:A pregnant Liss Pereira shares hilariously uncomfortable truths about sex, love, attraction and the lies we tell in modern relationships.
drama:A sound engineer falls for a model but after an unfortunate accident, he fights to save their love by triggering her senses.
documentary:Steering clear of convention, this affecting documentary pays tribute to the life and work of composer, musician and producer Quincy Jones, one of the best-known and most respected men in the music industry.
children:This compilation for preschoolers features a peppy young bus and his first life experiences where bumps in the road won't stop him from a fun ride.
other:Twinkle, Mia, Jacus and the rest of the Nursery Rhyme Friends perform catchy tunes for the little ones.
comedy:After moving from New York City to a small town in Washington state, an interracial couple and their preteen son struggle to adjust to their new life.
action:Seeking to improve his combat skills, a young man falls in love with a woman with mystical powers, but his past stands in the way of their union.
comedy:In this horror-comedy, a recently married man who wants to bond with his stepson begins to fear that the boy is a demon.
children:Adopting a child's perspective, this show takes a humorous look at what happens during those action-packed 15 minutes of snack time each day.
children:When the class puts on a Halloween play about a boy who leaves behind his friends for a scary new place, it hits too close to home for one student.
children:Mrs. Gonsha's students are excited about the end of primary school – until they discover that a classmate might not move on with them.
drama:Jake and Tony become friends when Jake's dad inherits a home above Tony's mother's shop. Friendship is tested when Jake's dad raises the shop's rent.
documentary:In an ancient sport traditionally reserved for men, 20-year-old female sumo prodigy Hiyori attempts to revolutionize Japan’s national pastime.
children:Brian knows there are creatures under his bed. When he faces his fears and confronts them, however, he makes some hilariously weird new friends.
comedy:The devil sends his sweet son Nicky to Earth to bring back his scheming siblings, who have plans to oust dear old dad from power.
children:A spinoff of Rohit Shetty's action franchise, this animated series follows brave kid cop Little Singham’s adventures as he defends his town from evil.
children:When Kaal, the vilest demon on earth, threatens to destroy his village, child cop Little Singham must use his strength and smarts to fight back.
children:Little Singham's sidekick monkey, Chikki, is stuck in the magical land of Bandarpur! Can the kid cop save his beloved pet before danger strikes?
children:Little Singham is in London to meet the queen, but when the famed Kohinoor Diamond gets stolen, the kid cop goes on a wild, citywide hunt for the thief.
children:Little Singham’s biggest enemy, the demon Kaal, is back and badder than ever — but this time, will he succeed in destroying the world’s best kid cop?
children:Kaal is back – bigger and badder than ever! Can Little Singham fight the battle of a lifetime to stop the demon’s plans to wreak havoc on earth?
children:"As fears rise over a ghost known for nighttime abductions, Mirchi Nagar residents look to the only person they know can save them: Little Singham!"
children:In a journey back in time to the ancient city of Mirchigadh, Little Singham vies for the title of Ultimate Warrior and fights a zombie king’s army.
comedy:A former Goth studying to become a nun finds her faith tested when she returns home to visit her brother, who has been disfigured in the Iraq War.
international:A cohabiting couple in their 20s navigate the ups and downs of work, modern-day relationships and finding themselves in contemporary Mumbai.
anime:Akko enrolls at the Luna Nova Witchcraft Academy. She's not the best student, but her bright attitude is the key to her and her friends' success.
children:In Paw-Tucket, pets of all types form friendships, pursue their passions and have a great time being themselves.
children:After four years in Hollywood as a television star, Liv returns to Wisconsin to discover that either she – or her family – has changed.
crime:The police officers at South Korea's busiest patrol division toil day and night as keepers of law and peace – but the reality is far from orderly.
comedy:When Emilio (Oscar Martínez) is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, he and his family embark on a quest to reunite him with his childhood crush.
international:Pushed together by twists of time, a Joseon doctor and a cardiac surgeon overcome their 400-year divide as they learn and heal through each other.
horror:Mentored by an enigmatic tycoon, an ambitious young man faces a crisis when his rise in power draws him deep into the occult.
documentary:Eight undocumented families' fates roller-coast as the United States' immigration policies are transformed.
comedy:Burned out on life, Miles undergoes a strange procedure at a strip mall spa – and wakes to find he's been replaced by a better version of himself.
other:This made-for-TV drama chronicles the scandal and enduring mystery surrounding Lizzie Borden, who was tried in 1892 for axing her parents to death.
children:Beloved children's book character Llama Llama springs to life in this heartwarming series about family, friendship and learning new things.
documentary:Filmmaker Werner Herzog presents a history of the internet, starting with its birth in 1969, and ponders the joys and sorrows of its social influence.
comedy:When a 17-year-old learns the TV news host she pines for is engaged, she and her best friend launch an elaborate plan to prevent his marriage.
crime:This true crime series investigates newfound evidence and unanswered questions in famous criminal cases, such as the murder of Asunta Basterra Porto.
crime:In seaside Aguazul, beautiful Montserrat and her wily mother tangle with lovers, gangsters, financial ruin, obsession – and murder.
other:Four friends become overnight millionaires after selling their video game start-up. But their newfound status tests their friendship and resolve.
drama:A disillusioned rickshaw driver in Punjab dreams of moving to Dubai, but his plan to butter up his would-be benefactor goes horribly wrong.
comedy:A widower believes he must marry off his three problematic daughters before he can pursue his real goal of marrying his secret love.
action:Hoping to make a bundle in a high-stakes poker game, four shiftless lads from London's East End instead find themselves swimming in debt.
drama:Over the space of 90 minutes, Ivan Locke's life spins out of control via a series of phone calls made while he drives down the highway to London.
action:After their dad's murder, three siblings move with their mom to his ancestral estate, where they discover magical keys that unlock powers — and secrets.
comedy:When his chatty nature lands him in trouble, an unlucky meatball seller flees Istanbul and finds a new life on a beautiful island.
crime:Manipulated into embezzling funds for her boyfriend and sentenced to prison, a naïve young woman must quickly learn to survive in a harsh new world.
action:A government agent wrongly accused of a crime gets a shot at freedom if he can engineer a high-risk rescue mission to outer space.
drama:A young man and woman fall in love but are threatened to be torn apart by the tensions between their Latino and Caucasian communities in Arizona.
crime:A torrid affair between a passionate lowborn poet and a wealthy Moscow heiress is engulfed by class difference, criminality and, eventually, murder.
drama:Lives are upended when a hiking trip leads a Wall Street hotshot to explore his true feelings for an old pal who’s disenchanted with his boyfriend.
action:In the 23rd century, inhabitants of a domed city exist in a world filled with life's pleasures – but no one is allowed to live past the age of 30.
comedy:An elderly woman finds her life disrupted when her family and village realize she has a chance at a world record for being the oldest grandmother alive.
children:A teenager with a beautiful voice becomes a pop star but discovers she has powers that come from a magical realm where she's a lost princess.
other:"In this black comedy, an English professor marries his landlady to get closer to his forbidden obsession: her teenage daughter."
comedy:After finding love in drug-free Dubai, Stefan returns to Germany to grab documents for his wedding. But old buddy Kai's bad habits complicate things.
action:After a heist gone wrong, a career criminal gradually uncovers the hidden motive behind his father's murder – and it has nothing to do with money.
comedy:Bawdy comedian and television presenter London Hughes revisits her past in this acclaimed breakout special filled with unfiltered tales and wild stories.
other:When his reclusive-banker lover disappears, a hard-partying young British hedonist plunges into the dangerous world of espionage to find the truth.
documentary:When Juan Catalan is arrested for a murder he didn't commit, he builds his case for innocence around raw footage from a popular TV show. A documentary.
documentary:This documentary follows the 2016 tour of beloved rock band The Tragically Hip as they make their way across Canada one last time.
crime:This contemporary crime thriller focuses on a Wyoming sheriff who's rebuilding his life and career following the death of his wife.
children:Music-loving baby Johny goes on dance-filled adventures with his family, friends and adorable critters in this colorful, animated preschooler series.
comedy:While keeping his identity secret, a real estate billionaire tries to woo an outspoken croupier who talks gamblers out of losing their money.
action:An officer killed on the job returns to Earth as a ghost to solve his own murder and seek justice with the help of a rookie cop and some funky magic.
comedy:When Adolf Hitler reawakens at the site of his former bunker 70 years later, he's mistaken for a brilliant comedian and becomes a media phenomenon.
drama:Under a government initiative, a retired alcoholic soccer player is sent to establish a soccer team in a politically troubled area.
documentary:Lorena Ramírez of Mexico's Rarámuri community lives a pastoral life – except when she straps on her sandals to compete as an ultramarathon runner.
international:Fictional personality Peter Capusotto parodies Argentine culture and rock music in a series of humorous sketches with recurring characters.
drama:Spurred by boredom and peer pressure, a group of suburban teens becomes increasingly violent and find their paths intersecting those of their parents.
documentary:This documentary pays tribute to the young cadets who gave their lives to defend Mexico against U.S. forces during the battle of Chapultepec Castle.
crime:Featuring never-before-seen images, personal testimonies and more, this is the story of one of the most notorious drug smugglers of all time.
documentary:The beloved norteño band Los Tigres del Norte performs for the inmates of Folsom Prison on the 50th anniversary of Johnny Cash's iconic concert.
documentary:In a winning is everything society, how do we handle failure? This series profiles athletes who have turned the agony of defeat into human triumph.
documentary:This documentary recounts the feats of the Coxless Crew, a team of four women who rowed from San Francisco to Australia in support of two charities.
children:Teen singers-songwriters in an elite music program form bonds of friendship, creativity and romance while turning their passion into their profession.
action:"Facing a murder charge, a genius mechanic with a criminal past must track down a missing car containing the proof of his innocence: a single bullet."
drama:Discovering she's a succubus who sustains herself by feeding on the sexual energy of humans, seductive Bo sets out on a journey to understand herself.
drama:Desperate to find her missing daughter, a mother fights to uncover the truth — and helps expose a string of unsolved murders. Based on a true story.
comedy:Nigerian students Okon and Bona experience culture shock – several shocks, really – after being selected for an exchange program in London.
action:After crash-landing on an alien planet, the Robinson family fights against all odds to survive and escape. But they're surrounded by hidden dangers.
anime:War looms over the kingdom of Neunatia, where two young women are both burdened and blessed by the power of song.
other:Grammy-winning singer Loudon Wainwright III reflects upon his unique relationship with his father in an evening of original songs and heartfelt stories.
other:Louis C.K. muses on religion, eternal love, giving dogs drugs, email fights, teachers and more in a live performance from Washington, D.C.
other:Emmy-winning comedy writer Louis C.K. brings his caustic wit to Milwaukee, offering up his unique and uncensored take on sex, parenting and more.
other:The comic puts his trademark hilarious/thought-provoking spin on finding a bat in his kitchen, seeing rats having sex, Boston accents and dead pets.
romance:Rebellious Mickey and good-natured Gus navigate the thrills and agonies of modern relationships in this bold comedy co-created by Judd Apatow.
international:Radically changed by a misunderstanding 13 years ago, a biotech expert runs into an old flame and suffers an illness that takes her back to the past.
international:A married consultant and a young IT tech kick off a flirty game that challenges societal norms — and leads them to re-evaluate their entire lives.
international:While trying to make their teacher fall for a basketball coach, four misfits and a model student find friendship, love and the courage to be themselves.
drama:When professional ambitions clash with personal feelings for a modern-day couple, a love story from a bygone decade may offer some wisdom.
international:In a world where an app alerts people if someone in the vicinity likes them, Kim Jojo experiences young love while coping with personal adversities.
international:Frustrated by life with her boyfriend, thirty-something Wako can’t stop herself from being interested in high schooler Yumeaki, despite their age gap.
international:The lives of five strangers become intertwined forever when a starlet filming a documentary is kidnapped on the streets of Hong Kong.
drama:A sexually inexperienced rickshaw driver struggles to build intimacy with his shy new wife in their tiny, overcrowded quarters.
international:After a chance meeting at a ballpark, the kind son of a former gangster tries to help an outgoing radio DJ get over her recent heartbreak.
drama:After enrolling in a college poetry course, a struggling rapper finds inspiration for her new voice through slam poetry.
international:Three years after making a wild promise to a woman in distress, a rigid businessman runs into her again and must decide whether to honor his word.
international:A successful Taiwanese chef moves home from Europe to teach at a cooking school. He soon clashes with a pretty teacher he met under odd circumstances.
comedy:Sparks fly and romance blooms when Shelby, a vegan chef, meets Greg, a developer – until their opposing views clash.
international:A wealthy heir's search for a nameless childhood sweetheart leads him to an inn run by a family with three sisters. But which one is his true love?
drama:Richard accepts a bet that he can't find a companion to a friend's wedding, not knowing the dating app he's using includes a 45-day contract.
drama:Exhausted with his mother’s failed attempts at setting him up with women, Ican hires an ideal partner from a matchmaking app.
international:A nerdy engineering student falls for a pretty, outgoing girl at his college. To get closer to her, he joins the theater group she belongs to.
comedy:When the Hong Kong government enacts a ban on smoking cigarettes indoors, the new law drives hard-core smokers outside, facilitating a meeting between Cherie, a makeup saleswoman, and Jimmy, an advertising exec.
international:Two young artists, a violin player and an actress, fight to achieve their dreams and keep their relationship together during Christmastime.
drama:Diagnosed with selective perception, a young woman is prescribed by a psychotherapist to spend time with a troubled man she cannot see.
international:Toprak, who lost her baby, is hired as a wet nurse for wealthy Yusuf's motherless son. Yusuf is drawn to Toprak, but also to her scheming sister.
comedy:An adoring couple elects to test the strength of their marriage when they run against each other for the office of state governor.
comedy:To assert her independence from her rigid father’s expectations, a headstrong woman hires a desperate Los Angeles man to pose as her fiancé in Africa.
comedy:In this urban romantic comedy set in Chicago, the ups and downs of courtship play out between a young black poet and a pretty shutterbug.
drama:Fearing rejection, a young man struggles to declare his feelings for his best friend, who soon falls for another man — until a fateful incident.
international:After wealthy college boy Ömer and lower class college girl Aysem fall in love and quickly marry, they learn that love and life aren't always perfect.
international:When a marriage-phobic woman hires a seductress to test how faithful her eager-to-wed boyfriend is, her plan takes an unexpected turn.
comedy:Not romantically inclined, a popular radio personality finds herself caught between two diametrically opposed suitors.
international:When her loved ones cook up a morbid plan to make her take time off from work, Yang Yiru goes on a vacation, truly believing she has terminal cancer.
international:A college stud tries to level up his relationship with a computer science major after becoming attracted to her skills in an online role-playing game.
comedy:Cherie and Jimmy's relationship is in a rut – until Cherie's estranged father shows up and a woman from Jimmy's past shows up with a hidden agenda.
action:To prove himself to a love interest, a delivery boy learns dubious kung fu from an aging charlatan so he can challenge his archrival to a fight.
documentary:Finding love can be hard for anyone. For young adults on the autism spectrum, exploring the unpredictable world of dating is even more complicated.
comedy:Individually, bank employees Sanjay and Karina don't earn enough to be able to buy a home, so they decide to enter into a marriage of convenience.
international:A story of two couples' journey of new love, loss and unexpected reunion spans decades, from the 1970s through present day.
international:A successful DJ's bachelor lifestyle is upended by a young woman who claims to be his long lost daughter.
drama:A charming hitman questions his profession after learning his next target is the karaoke singer he’s falling in love with.
comedy:Single coworkers at a radio station are brought together by mutual friends, but their starry-eyed notions about love may scuttle their romance.
international:Three grown siblings must rethink their idea of family when they learn their parents are getting divorced and have their eyes on new partners.
comedy:Different versions of the same day unfold as Jack juggles difficult guests, unbridled chaos and potential romance at his sister's wedding.
comedy:In search of aliens, a young woman's road trip becomes an emotional journey when she finds — and falls for — a charming companion with cancer.
comedy:A love triangle gets complicated when a female English tutor unknowingly gets between a hot-tempered guy and his off-to-the-United States girlfriend.
other:Famed horticulturist Alan Titchmarsh hosts this uplifting show in which he and his team travel the U.K. planting dream gardens for deserving citizens.
anime:High schooler Yuta wants to leave his past as a delusional weirdo behind. But his classmate Rikka has her own delusions, and she's interested in his.
action:Terrifying creatures, wicked surprises and dark comedy converge in this NSFW anthology of animated stories presented by Tim Miller and David Fincher.
comedy:Sparks fly when a crusading but cash-strapped attorney takes on a charming client looking to sue a dating site that guarantees its users will find love.
comedy:Over the years, as they come and go in each other's life, childhood pals Rosie and Alex struggle to resolve the lasting, intimate bond between them.
comedy:When a group of people meets at the same party, they form four different relationships, each experiencing similar phases of love.
comedy:When a fashion blogger falls for a video game vlogger, their romance goes viral. But separating their virtual life from reality gets complicated.
international:Love and academics get complicated at an all-male college that happens to be located next to an all-female high school.
drama:Best friends Sarah and Mindy share an unexpected moment while on a road trip. Years later, the two struggle to reconnect before a wedding.
international:Heart stolen by a free-spirited woman after a beachside romance, a passionate architect sets out to reunite with her on the streets of Seoul.
documentary:In this blend of documentary and dramatization, circumstances test notions of love held by a young stripper, a single-dad surfer and a teen musician.
drama:A young couple's interracial marriage in 1958 sparks a case that leads to the Supreme Court. Based on the true story of Richard and Mildred Loving.
drama:An esteemed young poetry teacher at a Catholic boarding school risks everything when she engages in a feverish affair with a female student.
comedy:When a newly single photographer is forced to work with a longtime rival, the battle of their egos turns into a chance for love.
drama:Struggling in a loveless marriage, a hard-drinking, workaholic cop finds a chance at redemption after a fateful incident leaves him wounded.
drama:This provocative drama examines how the voyeuristic nature of modern society affects three unusual couples in Northern India.
anime:Middle schooler Kai's depressing life in a boring fishing village changes drastically when a local mermaid named Lu joins his band.
comedy:Deadpan twin comics Keith and Kenny Lucas take the stage in Brooklyn with a set that touches on drugs, race, Deion Sanders, teachers and O.J. Simpson.
children:Luccas and his band of buddies make music and mischief at a new summer camp, where they face off with talented rivals and their tough coach.
children:When Luccas Neto plans a big Children's Day celebration, an unexpected threat at school puts the party – and his friends – at risk.
children:"Luccas and Gi are heading to a world famous gymkhana camp. Only problem: so are their bullies... A fun musical that will get you in a vacation mood."
children:To save Christmas, Luccas and Gi head to the North Pole and are recruited by Santa Claus to find all the gifts that have mysteriously disappeared.
documentary:Known simply as Lucha, field hockey player Luciana Aymar shares her tumultuous and triumphant journey to become the best in the world.
comedy:Argentina's Luciano Mellera emphasizes the humorous and fantastical aspects of childhood through comedic impersonations and insights on daily life.
international:After searching for his abducted son for three years, a devastated father attempts to track down his missing child through lucid dreams.
crime:Bored with being the Lord of Hell, the devil relocates to Los Angeles, where he opens a nightclub and forms a connection with a homicide detective.
drama:When Vikram gets tapped to play the male lead in a Bollywood film, he can't believe his luck. But it may ruin his relationship with his girlfriend.
comedy:When his friends make a bet that he can woo his college crush, a lovesick student named Luckee struggles between satisfying his heart and hormones.
drama:After being arrested for a crime he didn't commit, an aspiring musician teams up with some of his inmates at Lucknow Central to form a band.
international:When laidback Ren, who is about to divorce his money-crazy wife, finds a time-traveling computer, he decides to use it to reboot his marriage.
drama:During an uprising in Russia's St. Petersburg, teen girl Lucky meets handsome Aditya, the Indian ambassador's son, and together they flee the chaos.
comedy:From a resurfaced sex tape to a rogue suitcase of money, four wildly different stories overlap at the whims of fate, chance and one eccentric criminal.
international:Four comedians from Brazil riff on sexuality, politics, religion and motherhood – and set out to prove a woman's place is anywhere she wants it to be.
international:This series dramatizes the life story of Mexican superstar singer Luis Miguel, who has captivated audiences in Latin America and beyond for decades.
comedy:Pretending to marry in order to cohabitate, a small-town couple lands in endless awkward situations to hide the truth from their orthodox families.
international:In 17th-century Italy, a teenager learns about her destiny among a family of witches, just as her boyfriend's father hunts her down for witchcraft.
children:With help from her magic toy chest, fun-loving Luna Petunia enters the fantastic land of Amazia, where adventures, friendship and learning await.
children:Luna Petunia returns to magical Amazia, adding memories to her scrapbook with old friends – and a new pal from the Animal Empire.
international:This mockumentary series follows the peculiar lives of six eccentric – and sometimes obscene – misfits who march to their own beat.
other:A bright and spirited seven-year-old girl uses her vivid, dreamlike imagination to navigate everyday adventures alongside her real and imaginary BFFs.
crime:Inspired by the adventures of Arsène Lupin, gentleman thief Assane Diop sets out to avenge his father for an injustice inflicted by a wealthy family.
action:Lupin, his sidekick, Jigen, and the samurai warrior Goemon set out to take over an evil counterfeit operation at Count Cagliostro's fortress.
horror:Haunted by disturbing visions, a workaholic takes a vacation with his family, but a detour leads them to an unsettling stranger and chilling events.
comedy:Three men from different nations must find their way out of the Amazon jungle – on foot – when they get lost on the way to Brazil's World Cup Final.
comedy:In the companion to 2013's Bombay Talkies, four short films by four of India's biggest directors explore love, sex and relationships in modern India.
comedy:Fleeing London to evade a gangland debt collector, Omi Khurana returns to his native village in India, passing himself off as a successful lawyer.
comedy:Unabashed comedian Lynne Koplitz offers a woman's take on being crazy, the benefits of childlessness and the three things all men really want.
international:The relationship between a journalist and a lawyer she meets while investigating a story grows complicated as she uncovers layers of deception.
drama:Tensions and temperatures rise at a Chicago music studio in 1927 when fiery, fearless blues singer Ma Rainey joins her band for a recording session.
documentary:Viola Davis, Denzel Washington, George C. Wolfe and more share the heart, soul and history that brought August Wilson’s timeless play to the screen.
drama:On his first visit to his home city of Kolkata in 13 years, a Paris-based chef is faced with a cooking challenge that will change his life forever.
comedy:Devin Overstreet may be the class valedictorian, but he hasn't had much life experience. Enter Mac Johnson, a 10th-year senior and weed dealer.
horror:After relocating to a different town with her husband, a housewife begins to sense the existence of a mysterious presence in their new house.
action:Killer-for-hire Machete cuts a deal with the U.S. president to stop a nuclear missile attack but discovers a much larger conspiracy.
comedy:A famous designer who's always pretended to be gay finds himself in crisis mode when threatened with exposure as the woman-chasing straight guy he is.
action:In a post-apocalyptic future, a malicious gang murders Max's family as an act of retaliation, forcing Max to hit the open road seeking vengeance.
drama:Set in 1960s New York City, this award-winning series takes a peek inside an ad agency during an era when the cutthroat business had a glamorous lure.
comedy:A woman joins the janitorial staff of the Federal Reserve Bank and conspires with two co-workers to pilfer old money that's scheduled to be destroyed.
other:This collection cherry-picks trailers, forgotten scenes and poster art from 47 gory oldies, including Bay of Blood and The Blood Spattered Bride.
drama:A stockbroker struggling with bipolar disorder goes to live with his estranged father in a cramped flat, where old resentments bubble to the surface.
drama:A bridge under construction collapses in Mumbai, killing a man's family and launching him on a crusade to bring those responsible to justice.
children:A botched rescue strands Alex the lion and his companions in Africa. Sadly, Alex discovers he has little in common with the locals.
drama:When a highly capable woman becomes secretary of state, she struggles to find balance between the demands of world politics and those of her family.
documentary:This documentary chronicles the rise of the footwear designer behind a billion-dollar empire and his subsequent comeback after a financial scandal.
comedy:After a trip to China, a struggling entrepreneur returns to India as the supplier of an illegal aphrodisiac — but all he ends up stimulating is chaos.
international:These Mexico City socialites may lead opulent lives, but a peek behind the curtain reveals a tangled web of intrigue, envy and personal struggles.
documentary:The story of making Lagaan, one of the millennium's seminal Indian films, is told from the point of view of production team member Satyajit Bhatkal.
drama:An Indian intelligence agent journeys to a war-torn coastal island to break a resolute rebel group and meets a passionate journalist.
international:Pregnant and overwhelmed, Diana hires a caretaker for her son with severe autism. But she soon begins to fear the new nanny has sinister intentions.
children:Originally polar opposites, an American fashion student and the daughter of an industry mogul form an everlasting bond and start a rock band in Milan.
anime:The Magi who became High King of the Seven Seas started as a boy determined to make the world a better place. He begins with a dangerous dungeon.
anime:A land of mysterious ruins and a magical treasure hunt await young Aladdin and his courageous friend Alibaba for the adventure of their lives.
other:From baffling people on the street to orchestrating elaborate tricks, Justin Willman blends good-natured magic with grown-up laughs.
international:When an ordinary guy crosses paths 15 years later with his childhood sweetheart, now an actress, a magic cellphone allows him to be her protector.
children:Young Nicolas agrees to do Santa's work for one year. But the stress of the job threatens the boy's sense of joy – and Christmas itself.
documentary:From Argentina to Colombia, this stunning documentary follows five characters who share their deep connection to South America's majestic mountains.
action:Attracted to thrills across the globe, intrepid athletes venture to remote locations in pursuit of their extreme form of bliss.
comedy:An industrialist's daughter is forced to marry a rich heir by her greedy grandmother as her adopted sister bonds with the charismatic wedding planner.
drama:Through chance, human action, past history and divine intervention, an eclectic cast of characters weaves and warps through each other's lives.
children:This dramatic documentary explores the life and mind of Magnus Carlsen, the charismatic Norwegian prodigy who became world chess champion.
action:Two young brothers encounter a singing bird who treats them to a musical reinterpretation of one of India’s most epic ancient tales.
drama:The tale of legendary warrior king Ranjit Singh, and his rise to establishing Punjab’s Sikh empire, comes to life in this animated feature.
international:After years spent in isolation, a young girl with extraordinary powers returns to human society to battle dark, mythological beings.
international:Shy nerd Aryan learns soon after his 18th birthday that he has inherited superpowers, which he must use to vanquish a variety of evil threats.
comedy:A Punjabi man attempts to build a life in London in hopes of impressing his girlfriend’s mother, who insists her daughter marry a man outside of India.
international:Though worried she's doomed to be single forever, Mahi embraces her vivacious and creative nature while working to tame her inner critic.
comedy:In this comedy, characters from all walks of life go head-to-head around the mahjong table in a high-stakes contest of different playing styles.
international:In the 16th century, the heir to a Muslim empire embarks on a dangerous journey to find his true love, who was taken away by her Christian father.
anime:To keep the boys in line, student council president Misaki runs the school with an iron fist – while secretly working as a waitress at a maid café.
international:A financially troubled Indian man heads to Singapore to find employment, while his pretty wife stays behind in a move that could cause trouble.
action:Major Ram Prasad Sharma yearns to see project Mission Milaap come to fruition and usher in an era of peace between two warring countries. But the evil Raghavan will do anything to stop the peace process.
comedy:An ordinary-looking guy weds the woman of his dreams, but his jealousy threatens to destroy their union in this lighthearted tale of marital mismatch.
comedy:After lying to his girlfriend, orthopedic surgeon Samir must conjure up a pretend wife in this musical comedy.
drama:When the son of a wealthy businessman and the daughter of a struggling engineer fall in love, the young man's parents question the girl's motives.
international:A woman with an entrepreneurial spirit takes life into her own hands by starting a beauty cream business that inspires other women to take chances.
crime:Filmed over 10 years, this real-life thriller follows a DNA exoneree who, while exposing police corruption, becomes a suspect in a grisly new crime.
documentary:Journey into the extraordinary world of The Witcher — from casting the roles to Jaskier's catchy song — in this behind-the-scenes look at the series.
documentary:A look at the making of one of the first series to authentically portray and explore issues in a Hasidic community as they pertain to women's lives.
children:This H2O sequel follows Zac, a boy who accidentally turns into a merman and threatens the existence of three young mermaids who guard Mako Island.
comedy:After surviving a bomb attack, two low-level mobsters in Jerusalem change their ways and set about making strangers' Wailing Wall prayers come true.
drama:With their relationship running on autopilot, a discontent husband and wife must confront their issues while on a trip with the extended family.
drama:Class divides become thorns in the budding romance between the crony of a nativist Mumbai politician and the new, North Indian resident of his chawl.
action:Years after a police encounter separates him from his lover, an angry young man goes on a killing spree, with an equally vengeful cop on his heels.
comedy:An Argentine comedian espouses the values of feminism, speaking on topics like sex, language, abortion and why it's OK to let a man buy you dinner.
horror:A brother-sister team who fake paranormal encounters for cash get more than they bargained for when a job at a haunted estate turns very, very real.
children:When a long list of shenanigans lands Tyler in hot water, he’s forced to suit up and spend his summer training for an elite junior lifeguard program.
children:As summer returns to Malibu, Team Flounder takes to the beach to host — and unexpectedly compete in — the International Beachmaster Competition.
children:On the heels of Junior Rescue training, Team Flounder returns to brave the beach in a series of thrilling saves and lighthearted laughs.
horror:After receiving a strange present, a professor and his pregnant wife are plagued by tragedy and a paranormal presence that's determined to kill.
drama:A self-trained engineer risks debt, love and reputation in his quest to improve the grueling work conditions of his mother and her weaving community.
comedy:A man undergoes a heart transplant following a serious injury and begins to take on some of the donor's motherly characteristics.
other:A childish idiot trapped in an adult's body, schoolteacher Dan hates his job, hates his girlfriend-less life and has good reason to fear his dad.
other:Mobeen is trying to be a good friend, follow the faith and raise his teenage sister. Yet his past – and everyday life – complicates matters.
action:In this kung fu tale set in Beijing, a young man armed with incomparable martial arts skills gets embroiled in the world of underground fight clubs.
crime:Disguised as a bodyguard, a special agent must complete his national secret tasks while pandering to the whims of his ill-tempered world star.
comedy:A single woman seizes an opportunity when, while standing under a train station clock, she meets a stranger who mistakes her for his blind date.
international:The adventures of Bear Grylls get a unique spin as Bollywood star Sunny Leone hosts the show famous for revealing Bear's wilderness survival skills.
comedy:When his wife Andi returns to work, contractor Adam Burns becomes a stay-at-home dad and discovers that parenting is a tougher job than he realized.
drama:Forbidden love, fraying loyalties and flagrant hypocrisy emerge when sanctimonious politicians drive a madam’s brothel from the heart of Hyderabad.
drama:With the assistance of a psychiatrist, an acclaimed filmmaker struggles to come to terms with a mysterious romantic trauma.
drama:A reclusive small-town locksmith who can't stop writing letters to a lost love meets a kindly bank teller who challenges him to look to the future.
drama:Concerned that dementia will soon steal his most cherished memories, a Hindu doctor hires a Mulsim rickshaw driver to take him to his childhood home.
comedy:A filmmaker working on a documentary about love in modern Manhattan becomes personally entangled in the romantic lives of his subjects.
action:A Chinese pharmaceutical lawyer framed for a vile crime teams up with a sharp-witted Japanese detective to stop a dangerous corporate plot.
crime:Despite his heroics, security guard Richard Jewell becomes a suspect in the FBI investigation of a foiled terrorist attack at the 1996 Olympics.
comedy:Two struggling strangers connect during a mind-bending pharmaceutical trial involving a doctor with mother issues and an emotionally complex computer.
comedy:When his unlucky horoscope doesn’t bode well for his future wife, an earnest bachelor goes to surprising lengths to get the family he’s always wanted.
comedy:While prepping for a family wedding, a young man falls for his sister’s friend, who has already been promised to someone else.
drama:1930s Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing wit and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish “Citizen Kane.”
comedy:Under pressure to marry, a perennial bachelor hires a much younger woman to act as his fiancée, but her bond with his family throws his plan for a loop.
drama:A smooth talker falls for a music teacher aboard a cruise, but a cruel twist of fate hinders their plans to meet again months later.
documentary:As legendary shoe designer Manolo Blahnik speaks about his creative process, his celebrity admirers chime in with their own takes on his work.
drama:A government employee and aspiring crime writer, who is under investigation for corruption, is asked by a politician's wife to spy on her husband.
comedy:After getting fired, a police officer connects with a prostitute he met on the job in a red-light district and sets out to keep her off the streets.
comedy:A poor heroine is sent to live with wealthy relatives in 1800s England, where her wit and writing talent find the room, and circumstance, to grow.
comedy:The pleasant family life of an L.A. attorney is disrupted by the sudden arrival of his brother, who is obsessed with the Charles Manson murders.
drama:The controversial and troubled Indo-Pakistani writer Saadat Hasan Manto finds his artistic choices challenged by censors.
drama:Four stories by writer Sadaat Hasan Manto culminate in a single gruesome drama that's set during the partitioning of the Indian subcontinent.
drama:An Indian business owner struggles to keep his company afloat amid global competition while trying to make up for lost time with his family.
drama:The relationship between a painter and his admirer unfolds as an abstract, twist-filled hide-and-seek game against the backdrop of murder and revenge.
drama:When caste discrimination prevents a villager from giving his deceased father a rightful burial, he takes his fight for equality to court.
comedy:A showbiz family revolving around its teen celebrity son desperately tries to hang on to fame and success in this savage satire of Hollywood.
crime:In a town in southern Spain where racial tensions run high among the workers in its many greenhouses, a cop investigates the murder of a young woman.
horror:When criminal psychologist Kate Fuller investigates a man who was seemingly murdered in his sleep by his wife, she uncovers a case like no other.
documentary:In this docuseries, soccer great Diego Maradona comes to Culiacán, the heart of the Sinaloa Cartel, to save the local team, the Dorados, and maybe himself, too.
action:A series of high-stakes thefts at banks owned by a manipulative millionaire sparks an FBI agent to suspect a sinister plan behind the deadly heists.
comedy:Marc Maron wades through a swamp of vitamin hustlers, evangelicals and grown male nerd children, culminating in a gleefully filthy end-times fantasy.
comedy:Alternative comic Marc Maron is back on stage in New York to talk Chinese food, drug abuse, sex in hotel rooms and life with his girlfriend.
comedy:Battle-scarred stand-up comedian Marc Maron unleashes a storm of ideas about meditation, mortality, documentary films and our weird modern world.
other:Her marriage just ended and she's returning to work as a London detective after 12 years away. Is the serial killer she once investigated back, too?
anime:Orphaned young, a reclusive 17-year-old professional shogi player starts to come out of his shell when three sisters take him under their wing.
documentary:A top-ranked college marching band’s members fight to keep their spots, memorize routines, tend to their social lives – and slay the competition.
comedy:Eclectic character comedian Marco Luque plays himself in this stand-up special about relationships, regional differences and his own love of movies.
action:Set in a world of greed, betrayal, sexual intrigue and rivalry, “Marco Polo” is based on the famed explorer’s adventures in Kublai Khan’s court.
other:A defiant warrior-monk arrives at Kublai Khan's court in chains and soon earns his tragic nickname in this 30-minute origin story.
action:An ex-assassin tries to leave her dark past behind until a power-hungry gang targets her and her family, forcing her to summon her killer instincts.
comedy:Maria Bamford performs a rapid-fire, playful stand-up set for crowds at park benches, bowling alleys and LA theaters in this roving comedy special.
comedy:"Spend an evening with gleeful, oh-so-awkward Maria Bamford via her cozy, shot-at-home comedy special, which has a two-person audience: her parents."
children:Pop music superstar Mariah Carey hosts this all-star holiday celebration with special guests and a celebrity reading of The Night Before Christmas.
international:Lured back to her hometown, a famous horror writer discovers that the evil spirit who plagues her dreams is now wreaking havoc in the real world.
comedy:Comedians Mariusz Kałamaga, Karol Kopiec and Wiolka Walaszczyk deliver an eclectic and energetic stand-up show at Klub Hybrydy in Warsaw.
other:Mark Gatiss, who co-created “Sherlock” and plays Mycroft Holmes, discusses the show with Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman and others in the cast.
comedy:After the friendliest divorce ever, a carefree but devoted father navigates post-split parenting life with his levelheaded ex-wife and two kids.
comedy:Rollicking, outrageous and audacious, Marlon Wayans gets raw on racism, age-appropriate rap rhymes, gay rights, raising kids and even the Kardashians.
comedy:Marc Maron stars as Marc Maron, who interviews fellow comedians for his popular podcast, only to reveal more about his own neuroses and relationships.
drama:When his wife goes missing, university professor Saurabh remains at home while the police investigate, but his grip on reality loosens as days pass.
comedy:After a young man charms the girl he loves into accepting his proposal, an accidental swap on their wedding day leads him to marry the wrong bride.
drama:Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Noah Baumbach directs this incisive and compassionate look at a marriage coming apart and a family staying together.
other:Set up by experts, four couples meet at the altar for the first time and test their compatibility after the wedding.
documentary:Fact meets fiction in this docudrama chronicling the journey of a spacecraft crew as it embarks in 2033 on a mission to colonize the red planet.
international:The longtime mayor of Marseille is preparing to hand over the reins to his protégé when a sudden and ruthless battle erupts for control of the city.
action:In ancient China, Zhi Ming trains at the legendary Northern Shaolin temple to avenge the death of his father at the hands of a nefarious magistrate.
comedy:This provocative film sheds light on actor-comedian Martin Lawrence's roots, his rise to fame and his walk on the wild side.
documentary:This docudrama tells the dramatic story of the monk who took on the Catholic Church, tracing his life before and after the contentious 95 Theses.
comedy:Quebecois comedy star Martin Matte serves up embarrassing personal stories, a solution for social media trolls and more in this unpredictable special.
documentary:This documentary reveals the cracks in India's anti-dowry act and gives voice to both women and men who've been victimized by the law's abusers.
documentary:This documentary explores the connections between elite athletes and Marvel superheroes such as Spider Man, Black Widow and Captain America.
anime:Logan, aka mutant X-Man Wolverine, is on a quest to reclaim the love of his life – whose crime lord father is planning an arranged marriage for her.
anime:A year after their dissolution, the X-Men are re-assembled by Professor Charles Xavier to investigate the kidnapping of young mutants in Japan.
children:In this Christmas-themed special, Captain America and the Avengers battle Loki and Ymir, who plot to steal Santa Claus' powers and conquer the world.
action:Agent Phil Coulson, seen in action in Marvel's The Avengers, assembles a team of top S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to investigate bizarre threats.
crime:Blinded as a young boy, Matt Murdock fights injustice by day as a lawyer and by night as the Super Hero Daredevil in Hell's Kitchen, New York City.
children:On Halloween, the Hulk and Dr. Strange battle monsters wreaking havoc on New York and uncover an evil plot by Nightmare, ruler of the Dream Dimension.
crime:Danny Rand resurfaces 15 years after being presumed dead. Now, with the power of the Iron Fist, he seeks to reclaim his past and fulfill his destiny.
action:When scientists join Hulk's gamma energy with Tony Stark's Arc Reactor, the resulting force creates a foe that only the two Marvel heroes can combat.
crime:Haunted by a traumatic past, Jessica Jones uses her gifts as a private eye to find her tormentor before he can harm anyone else in Hell's Kitchen.
crime:A hoodie-wearing, unbreakable ex-con fights to clear his name and save his neighborhood. He wasn't looking for a fight, but the people need a hero.
crime:Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Iron Fist join forces to take on common enemies as a sinister conspiracy threatens New York City.
crime:A former Marine out to punish the criminals responsible for his family's murder finds himself ensnared in a military conspiracy.
anime:Ordinary girl Mary picks an extraordinary flower and travels to Endor College, a school for magic. But its foremost teachers have a sinister plan.
drama:The daughter of a poor rice farmer overcomes the objections of her father and the demands of a male-dominated society to pursue a career in boxing.
children:In 1930s London, Michael Banks and his three children get some help turning their topsy-turvy world around when his magical childhood nanny reappears.
other:Retail consultant Mary Portas collaborates with Britain's most complained-about stores to help them better serve fed-up customers.
international:Real life mom-daughter duo Neena and Masaba Gupta play versions of themselves in this playful, fictional peek into their lives in fashion and film.
comedy:A young girl passionate about AI sets out to make an impact as three friends become crime-fighting superheroes. Based on the hit animated web series.
international:Through dark comedy and eccentric characters, this web series offers a humorous view of the changes and cultural shifts in Saudi Arabia from 2011-2019.
comedy:Eager contestants don big heads and furry suits to vie for the title of World's Best Mascot in this offbeat, comic romp from Christopher Guest.
children:Lively little Masha lives near the forest, where she has many wonderful adventures with her best friend, a bear who used to be in the circus.
children:Masha explains why there's no need to be scared of things like monsters, the dark, going to a new school, thunder and other common childhood fears.
children:Fairy tales get a funny twist when Masha retells them, because she tends to get the details just a little jumbled up in this animated kids' series.
comedy:Determined to make it in showbiz, an aspiring young actor considers turning his back on the beloved Irani café run by his family for generations.
drama:A loving husband and father's joyful family life is rocked to its core upon the discovery that he has a young son borne from a past extramarital affair.
action:Needing hard evidence to convict a company chairman of fraud, an investigator bargains with the company's tech expert to turn over his boss's ledger.
comedy:Dev tries to jump-start his acting career and elevate his dating game with help from his eclectic group of friends in this award-winning series.
action:In this spin-off, a martial arts expert once defeated by Ip Man is forced to abandon his reclusive lifestyle to combat a rising Chinese triad.
drama:After living with a criminal father, two brothers on different paths head for a direct collision when an intriguing woman enters both of their lives.
drama:A single man in his 30s overwhelmed by his domineering mother meets a lesbian couple willing to go to extreme lengths to have a child.
comedy:A dutiful son must hide his pursuit of stand-up comedy from his staunch father, who expects him to inherit his store and uphold their Muslim beliefs.
comedy:A jealous, possessive mother thinks she is competing with her new daughter-in-law for the affections of her overindulged son.
comedy:Performing at a bar, Mexican stand-up comedian Mau Nieto dishes on his modest upbringing, his failed relationships and his attempts to stay sober.
action:An unconventional police officer faces off against a gang of thugs as he tries to bring order to the far-flung village he’s been stationed in.
comedy:Comedian Maurício Meirelles explores his chaotic mind with scathingly funny views on family, prejudices, turtles and more in this stand-up special.
drama:An aging jazz musician learns after his wife's death that she may have been unfaithful to him decades before.
horror:Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past.
drama:A messaging app unites a mute prostitute, an unruly rich girl and a stormy young woman, three Hong Kong teens living in pain and excess.
comedy:A man's inability to conquer his personal insecurities and distrust of other people leads to problems with his on-again, off-again wife and their son.
documentary:Poet and civil rights activist Maya Angelou is celebrated using her own words set over rare photographs and video illustrating her remarkable life.
drama:A beautiful, wealthy woman’s insatiable appetite for romance leads to tragedy and a police investigation.
international:Mayday's Life Tour concert unfolds as five fading superheroes are summoned to save the world from an extraterrestrial enemy that detests sound.
documentary:Friends, family and political titans recall the impact of Atlanta's Maynard Jackson, the first African-American mayor of a major Southern city.
comedy:Iranian American comic Maz Jobrani lights up the Kennedy Center with riffs on immigrant life in the Trump era, modern parenting pitfalls and more.
comedy:An orphan girl who has ambitions of marrying a rich man changes her identity to win the heart of a prominent businessman's son.
comedy:Hoping to pump up their sound, a punk band hires Pepe, a keyboardist with Down Syndrome, but tensions erupt when he steals the show with his talent.
comedy:Raw and outspoken, comedian Alexis de Anda bares her soul about weddings, exercise, sex, gynecologists, drugs and much more in this stand-up special.
drama:Desperate to start a new life with his girlfriend, a teenage boy steals drug money from her father, who happens to be the town's corrupt lawman.
comedy:The father of a high school pariah offers to pay another student's way through college if she makes friends with his outcast daughter.
other:In New York's Little Italy, a low-level hoodlum wrestles with loyalty to his mobster uncle, his faith and his friendship with an inveterate gambler.
documentary:Steven Rinella scrounges in some of America's wildest terrains in this unscripted series showing him on the hunt for wild animals from ducks to deer.
documentary:Honoring service members whose courage merited the awarding of a Medal of Honor, this docudrama series re-creates their inspiring true stories.
crime:Doctors Owen Maestro and Lola Spratt leave Childrens Hospital and join a secret arm of the CDC to investigate and destroy a deadly global virus.
international:After his father's murder, banking heir Cosimo Medici battles opponents of his artistic, economic and political visions for 15th-century Florence.
drama:An elderly immigrant matriarch from Hong Kong finally begins to break out of her shell of isolation when she suspects her husband of infidelity.
horror:In 1930s Poland, a powerful psychic steers a group of strangers toward a fated convergence that ensures survival for one and annihilation for others.
other:In South London, tradition clashes with culture as a Nigerian father tries to instill his old-fashioned African values into his modern British family.
comedy:When their respective parents oppose their union, a newly engaged couple learns that the reasons for pushback run deeper than just tribal differences.
documentary:Learn about Donald Trump's family history, including his immigrant grandfather's gold-rush enterprises and his dad's development of a property empire.
other:Visiting the busiest kitchens in the world, this reality series focuses on large-scale food production – and the people who make it happen.
anime:Created for the 50th anniversary of manga Ashita No Joe, mechanized human fighters known as Megalo Boxers battle each other for boxing supremacy.
other:This reality ride-along offers a glimpse into the can-do, high-stakes world of big rig drivers who haul massive loads of cargo across Australia.
drama:"A professor mysteriously vanishes, leaving behind a host of suspects, a shadowy history and a clue: the anonymous birthday gift of a Bengali classic."
drama:In the early 1990s, the love between a cassette shop owner and a traveling circus performer challenges caste barriers and disapproving parents.
drama:After recovering from a tragic experience, a young woman makes a journey to her father's homeland and falls in love with a kind-hearted doctor.
international:A celebrated pastry chef and his fellow staff members at a bake shop embark on bittersweet adventures in love, work and friendship.
comedy:When Melvin and his friends gather for dinner, their casual conversation takes a sharp turn as they begin to disclose raw truths about themselves.
drama:Hiding his own murderous past, a man suffering from Alzheimer's must protect his daughter from her boyfriend, who he suspects is also a serial killer.
drama:To cope with a friend's death, a teen blogs about his daily life but falls further into an existential crisis while experiencing a sexual awakening.
crime:While looking for the cryptic creator of an innovative augmented-reality game, an investment firm executive meets a woman who runs a hostel in Spain.
documentary:Glimpse into the brain's vast potential for memorization through the eyes of four competitive memory athletes as they share techniques and insights.
international:Losing her memory – and her boyfriend – after a car accident, Jia-en crosses paths with a heart transplant recipient who helps her recall her past.
action:A streetwise cop teams with a veteran government agent to work for a super-secret, extremely dapper team that monitors extraterrestrials on Earth.
action:Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones reprise their roles as two highly secretive and unofficial government agents dealing with all things evil and alien.
international:Male celebs play make-believe as high schoolers, welcoming star transfer students every week and engaging in battles of witty humor and slapstick.
comedy:A stranger to civilian life, a young Saudi farmer travels to Dubai, where he experiences a series of hilarious misadventures.
drama:A year after his wife's death, a widower faces pressure from his Hasidic community to give up his son for adoption unless he finds a new partner.
drama:A hedonistic soccer mom takes a voyage of self-discovery when she tries to reconnect with her son by returning his pet rock to a Mediterranean island.
action:In this fast-paced Indonesian thriller, a young martial arts master travels to Jakarta, where he saves an orphan from a human-trafficking ring.
documentary:New Zealand film archivist Heperi Mita traces the cinematic legacy of his mother and trailblazing Maori filmmaker Merata Mita.
drama:When he defies his cruel father and leaves New Caledonia to play rugby in France, young Soane learns hard lessons about life, love and success.
documentary:After rigorous testing in 1961, a small group of skilled female pilots are asked to step aside when only men are selected for spaceflight.
drama:Two brothers clash with their half-siblings when a visit home to see their dying mother surfaces old secrets and becomes a fight for survival.
horror:Fifteen years after a traumatic crime, a woman is released from psychiatric care and tries to drive out an evil spirit that continues to haunt her.
international:A simple auto-rickshaw driver on the streets of Lucknow, Hiralal Tiwari does everything he can to give his gravely ill daughter a happy life.
drama:When his mother suffers a traumatic incident, a boy from the Mumbai slums treks to Delhi to deliver his written plea for justice to the Prime Minister.
drama:In southern India, a laborer's dreams of owning a piece of land to farm is complicated by political corruption.
international:An unconventional high school philosophy teacher upsets a few parents and staff, romances others and inspires all his pupils, including his gay son.
other:This family-oriented retelling of the King Arthur legend finds Merlin arriving in Camelot, where he hones his magic skills with the help of his uncle.
comedy:A struggling LA musician tries to win over his new girlfriend's gruff dad and quirky, tight-knit siblings on a 10-day Christmas visit to Philadelphia.
comedy:To save a kidnapped loved one, a pack of wealthy men must return to their vigilante past when they are blackmailed to pull off a treacherous heist.
comedy:Four of the richest bachelors in Abuja, Nigeria enjoy a life of fast cars, palatial homes and female attention while concealing their true activities.
action:A detective arrests a doctor for crimes targeting medical professionals but later finds the real culprit in a tale of revenge, corruption and magic.
other:On a relentless quest to avenge his sister's murder, a man from Cape Town infiltrates a sprawling network of lowlifes and elites in Los Angeles.
drama:A wary CIA officer investigates a charismatic man who sparks a spiritual movement and stirs political unrest. A fictional story not based on true events.
other:As heavy metal band Metallica tears up the stage, a young roadie is sent on an urgent errand. But his mission soon takes a surreal turn.
other:This collection includes the acclaimed rock documentary about Metallica, plus a film checking in with the still-thriving group 10 years later.
international:Dong Shancai is determined to excel at her dream university, where she encounters an elite clique of dashing, popular high-achievers – and finds love.
drama:Disgusted by the gold-chain snatchers in his home city of Chennai, a man vows to combat the criminal menace by taking the law into his own hands.
documentary:When street vices keep them coming back, three prisoners make sense of their lives in a penitentiary – and beyond it – through rap.
international:Young fashion designers vie for the chance to become Mexico's next big talent by competing before judges in grueling tests of creativity and stamina.
action:Mysterious goons chase teenage slacker Angelino through chaotic Dark Meat City as he uncovers secret powers that could be the key to saving the world.
children:When a young soccer fan and his idol forge an unexpected friendship, the connection teaches them both lessons about life and their love of the game.
comedy:A sly art dealer tries to revive the career of his longtime pal, a surly painter, with a risky plan that tests their morals and friendship.
comedy:After a disgruntled man blames his Marathi heritage for his lack of his success, he is visited by Shivaji, a great medieval Marathi king.
action:When a terrorist escapes custody, MI-5 director Harry Pearce becomes the scapegoat. But the wily veteran still has some spycraft tricks up his sleeve.
children:A mysterious gift from her late parents sends 12-year-old Mia into an enchanted world of elves, unicorns and an evil queen named Panthea.
drama:After a dedicated cop accidentally kills a 12-year-old boy, he's fired, harassed and forced to take menial work as he tries to keep his life together.
comedy:After Santa tells him he needs 75,000 new babies by Christmas to meet toy supply, Michael Bolton hosts a telethon to inspire the world to make love.
comedy:SNL star Michael Che takes on hot-button topics like inequality, homophobia and gentrification in this stand-up set filmed live in Brooklyn.
documentary:Benjie Nycum travels to Wyoming to visit his ex-lover, Michael Glatze, a former gay activist who now lives with his wife and works as a church pastor.
comedy:Charming comic Michael McIntyre talks family, technology, sharks, accents and the time he confused himself for a world leader in this stand-up special.
comedy:Scene-stealing queen Michelle Buteau dazzles with real talk on relationships, parenthood, cultural differences and the government workers who adore her.
comedy:Comedian Michelle Wolf takes on outrage culture, massages, childbirth, feminism and much more (like otters) in a stand-up special from New York City.
comedy:An entrepreneur develops an adult entertainment online billing company – and winds up dealing with mobsters, the FBI, con men and terrorists.
children:At Hills Village Middle School, budding cartoonist Rafe and best pal Leo challenge their uptight principal by breaking every rule in his handbook.
comedy:Comedy duo Thomas Middleditch and Ben Schwartz turn small ideas into epically funny stories in this series of completely improvised comedy specials.
comedy:Longtime friends and local radio hosts Maggie and Jack fake it as a couple for their families and listeners in hopes of getting their show syndicated.
international:A scarred man operates a midnight diner in the backstreets of Shinjuku. No one knows his name or his story, but his customers each bring him theirs.
international:Patrons of an otherwise mundane Japanese diner find simple yet profound connections with one another based on the shared love of a particular dish.
international:In this talk show, comedian Mallika Dua serves up big laughs as Shalishka and whips up a meal with her celebrity pals who dish on their diets and lives.
action:When his son exhibits supernatural powers, a father takes the youngster on the run to protect him from government authorities and religious fanatics.
children:Catch a ride with the Mighty Express — a team of trains and their kid friends who overcome trouble on the tracks with quick thinking and teamwork!
children:The Mighty Express welcomes a new train and speeds into a snowstorm to deliver Santa’s presents and save Christmas for all the kids in Tracksville.
children:An innocent toddler’s boundless curiosity – and extraordinary might – lead to mischief and adventure in his small Indian town.
children:From decorating his home to devouring sweets, join Bheem as he makes merry – and a bit of mischief – while the festival of lights is in full swing.
children:From surprising stage performances to spraying colors with friends, join baby Bheem for all his Holi hijinks during the special spring festival.
children:With winter behind them, Bheem and his townspeople usher in a sunny new season in all their favorite ways during the Makar Sankranti festival.
children:Visitors arrive from space to help Red Ranger and his squad – temporarily stripped of their powers – fight against Lord Zedd and Rita Repulsa.
children:Five average teens are chosen by an intergalactic wizard to become the Power Rangers, who must use their new powers to fight the evil Rita Repulsa.
children:Mighty Raju preps for a new adventure in Rio de Janeiro, where he goes toe-to-toe with rival soccer players, faces capoeira fighters and more.
comedy:"On this painfully honest but hilarious journey, Birbiglia struggles to find reason in an area where it may be impossible to find: love."
comedy:Comedian Mike Birbiglia takes the stage in Brooklyn and hits on hard truths about puppets, late people and the very real dangers of being funny.
comedy:Comedian Mike Birbiglia hits Broadway with a hilarious yet profound one-man show that recounts his emotional and physical journey to parenthood.
comedy:Mike Birbiglia performs in this live concert special that features a riotous selection of the unique insights and observations culled from his diary.
comedy:Mike Epps tears up the stage at L.A.'s historic Orpheum Theatre in a special packed with blistering impressions and unapologetically raunchy swagger.
comedy:In a raw stand-up comedy special, Mike Epps mixes it up as he tackles sexual misconduct, special ed, aging body parts and much more.
drama:Politician and human rights campaigner Milada Horáková battles against all odds to defend her beliefs in a Czechoslovakia under Communist rule.
action:An officer in a top-secret CIA unit leads his team in escorting a prized intelligence asset to safety, with enemy forces hot on their trail.
drama:Years after his teen romance with Milea, a now-adult Dilan tells his version of their love story when a high school reunion brings them back together.
documentary:Unpack the mythology of Miles Davis and learn the true story of a jazz legend with never-before-seen footage and celebrity interviews.
comedy:In the south of France, three best friends in their 40s navigate loss and heartbreak while embarking on steamy affairs with much younger men.
drama:Sean Penn stars in this biopic about Harvey Milk, the openly gay San Francisco politician who was murdered by a disgruntled city supervisor in 1978.
international:A group of millennials copes with the pressures of adulting by tackling a diverse set of problems from unemployment to cheating.
other:The competition is fierce — and the drama undeniable — as a group of young and hungry agents try to seal the deal on luxury listings in the Hamptons.
other:Next-gen restaurateurs get the chance to open their own pop-up eateries to impress the paying public – and a panel of discerning U.K. investors.
crime:Five beautiful but mysterious women move in with unsuccessful novelist Shin, who manages their odd household in exchange for a tidy monthly sum.
crime:With the help of a cop, a psychologist and a woman who can foretell the future, a brilliant paralegal works to solve an array of perplexing mysteries.
international:Brilliant young students discover a breakthrough that could change humankind, but soon find themselves the subjects of a much bigger experiment.
comedy:When a twisted killer tells the police he'll only speak to a fictional 1980s TV detective, the washed-up actor who played him takes the gig.
crime:In the late 1970s two FBI agents expand criminal science by delving into the psychology of murder and getting uneasily close to all-too-real monsters.
drama:When a Marine's mission goes awry, he must survive behind enemy lines – without stepping off a mine – among the harsh elements of a desert war zone.
drama:A methane explosion leaves a group of miners trapped two miles deep into the earth with a small oxygen supply and desperate for any means of survival.
children:Take control of an adventure set in the Minecraft universe. The future of the world is at stake, and your decisions shape the story – so choose wisely!
children:Mini-Wolf and his fun-loving pals friends are always on the look out for a new adventure – even if it includes a little bit of mischief.
children:Four animal superheroes called the Miniforce transform into robots to protect small and defenseless creatures from the hands of scheming villains.
children:Zenos wants to use the Earth’s negative energy for his own good – and it's up to Miniforce X to stop this space alien’s evil plans.
documentary:People dedicated to rejecting the American ideal that things bring happiness are interviewed in this documentary showing the virtues of less is more.
drama:A nameless widow juggles multiple jobs to support her daughter’s decision to study abroad, only to discover that she has other plans.
other:In this game show hosted by Olympian Apolo Anton Ohno, contestants compete by completing 60-second challenges using common household items.
children:U.S. hockey coach Herb Brooks unites a motley crew of college athletes and turns them into a force to be reckoned with at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
drama:Separated from his daughter, a father with an intellectual disability must prove his innocence when he is jailed for the death of a commander's child.
children:When Paris is in peril, Marinette becomes Ladybug. Little does she know, her school crush Adrien is actually Cat Noir, another city-saving superhero.
drama:A space-time continuum glitch allows Vera to save a boy's life 25 years earlier, but results in the loss of her daughter, whom she fights to get back.
action:Unhappy after his new baby sister displaces him, four-year-old Kun begins meeting people and pets from his family's history in their unique house.
comedy:Viral video star Miranda Sings and her real-world alter ego Colleen Ballinger share the stage in a special packed with music, comedy and magichinry.
children:This remake of the classic Grimm tale follows fair-skinned Snow White on a quest to regain her royal throne with help from a team of shady dwarves.
drama:A modern love story is connected to an ancient folk tale as star-crossed lovers from different social classes are kept apart by their families.
international:Equipped with nothing more than a GED and strategies for the game of go, an office intern gets thrown into the cold reality of the corporate world.
comedy:Mistaking the sleeping passenger on his train for a drunk, a young man posts a picture of him online, unaware of his impulsive act's ugly repercussions.
children:After living in America for years, a teenage girl moves back to the Netherlands and is quickly singled out as a misfit by the popular clique at school.
children:When her boyfriend abruptly transfers schools, a gifted musician must pair up with an archrival to battle him in a student music competition.
international:After a disastrous set-up by their families, two teens strike up a tentative friendship at their summer program — but deeper feelings aren’t far behind.
documentary:In this revealing documentary, Taylor Swift embraces her role as a songwriter and performer — and as a woman harnessing the full power of her voice.
international:After ditching her domestic life to become a chef, a clueless maid crosses paths with two charming suitors who help her reach her dreams.
crime:Wealthy, beautiful Valentina falls in love, only to realize that her man and her family are involved with one of Mexico's most powerful drug cartels.
anime:Herself a talented artist, O-Ei works with her father, Tetsuzo, later known as Hokusai, on the woodblock prints that would make Edo famous worldwide.
international:A quirk of fate sends an ordinary, sweet-natured high school girl and her father into the home of the school genius, on whom she has a huge crush.
drama:Uprooted to America, an aspiring Indian entrepreneur confronts disapproval, sexism and rivalry as she draws from her culture to start a tea business.
drama:The life of a radio talk-show host is turned upside down after a murderous caller dials into her program and asks her to choose his next victim.
drama:On a summer night in 1890 Ireland, the unsettled daughter of aristocrats coaxes her father's valet to seduce her, though he's engaged to their cook.
romance:With their divorce set to become final on Christmas day, a couple must decide if they're really ready to throw in the towel on their relationship.
international:When a gifted patissier with a gloomy past meets a bright and easygoing café owner, he begins to shed his thorns and learns to love again.
documentary:Explore how the mainstream media's often disparaging portrayals of women contribute to the under-representation of females in positions of leadership.
international:Resolving to get married soon, hardworking Si-yi finds love in an unexpected place, but her ex and her job interfere with her plans.
documentary:This uplifting documentary follows R&B singer Sharon Jones's battle with pancreatic cancer while keeping her band intact for a return to the stage.
drama:Emotionally vulnerable teacher Rachel accompanies three students to a weekend drama competition and forms an unexpected bond with troubled teen Billy.
drama:Determined to give her son a private school education, a single mother in the inner city uses all her resources to try to effect change in the system.
documentary:This documentary follows oceanographer Sylvia Earle's campaign to save the world's oceans from threats such as overfishing and toxic waste.
documentary:Combining archive footage with present-day interviews, this documentary explores how Apollo's mission control helped change the course of history.
action:A television journalist makes a risky career move by accepting a job offer from a controversial Istanbul television station.
action:As Hitler's Nazis threaten to take command of Britain's skies, a squadron of Polish pilots arrives to aid the Royal Air Force against a mutual enemy.
comedy:Two strangers meet by chance on a trip to Thailand and form a connection when they realize their former romantic partners ended up getting together.
drama:A gambler mired in debt thinks another cardsharp may just be his good luck charm as the two head for New Orleans to buy into a high-stakes poker game.
documentary:The real Mitt Romney is revealed in this documentary that goes beyond the sound bites with unprecedented access to his 2012 presidential campaign.
comedy:Arab-American comedian Mo Amer recounts his life as a refugee comic, from traveling with the name Mohammed to his long path to citizenship.
comedy:Comedian Mo Gilligan blends smooth moves and sharp humor as he riffs on humble beginnings, family dynamics and the complex art of dancing in the club.
international:There's an organization gathering espers for a nefarious purpose. Powerful psychic Mob, however, is just trying to be the protagonist of his own life.
anime:When Banagher Links meets the mysterious Audrey Burne, he inherits the Unicorn Gundam and is swept up into the battle for space colony independence.
anime:On a terraformed post-disaster Mars, a group of child security agents rebel against the adults who betrayed them and the oppressive Earth government.
anime:Two underwater siblings surviving on their own. A boy with a serious egg allergy. A man invisible to the rest of society. Three short animated tales.
comedy:Navigating the twists and firsts of high school, Moesha juggles friendships, romance and the occasional drama while trying to keep her family together.
drama:After investing in a shady deal that quickly falls apart, a morally flexible real estate agent involves his wife in a dangerous recovery plan.
comedy:A luxury hotel chauffeur's life is turned upside down when he unexpectedly becomes the focus of a renowned painter's final art project.
action:During the War of 1812, two Native Americans and their British ally are pursued into enemy territory by American soldiers thirsting for revenge.
action:A courageous villager moves to the ancient city of Mohenjo Daro, where he falls for the daughter of a priest and does battle with a tyrant.
drama:A lethal game of cat and mouse stretches from the desert to Tinseltown after Hollywood bad boy Thomas runs afoul of a cunning and dangerous drifter.
drama:A young boy's life shifts when he's sent to work at a mechanic's shop far from his suburban home until an opportunity forces him to make a tough choice.
children:An imaginative, big-hearted bunny and his friend, a shy chick, explore the everyday joys of their pastel-colored world.
drama:Former Olympian Molly Bloom ran a high-stakes poker game for the stars – until her lofty lifestyle nearly sent her to prison.
drama:After her stepdaughter is sexually assaulted at a party, a furious mother sets out to destroy the lives of the four perpetrators who walked away free.
international:An aspiring hair stylist opens her own salon. It turns into a mail-holding hub for busy neighbors, but she seizes the chance to promote her business.
comedy:Two fierce mothers become rivals when a school contest forces their kids, both model students, to compete against one another to be the best in class.
drama:In 1953, the women of Wellesley College are measured by how well they marry – until the arrival of a professor who threatens to upend the status quo.
international:After 20 years, Ana María returns to Mexico and vies for control of her family's tequila empire as it threatens to crumble under corruption and secrets.
other:Two corporate spies with a $5 million haul for selling secrets are held hostage by a thief, triggering a game of cat and mouse to gain the upper hand.
other:Aided by designers and craftspeople, entrepreneur Sarah Moore rescues items bound for the garbage dump and turns them into valuable, unique objects.
documentary:A documentary on why and how Money Heist sparked a wave of enthusiasm around the world for a lovable group of thieves and their professor.
action:TV news reporter James Russell helps put small-time criminal Franklin Hatchett in jail, but turns to protecting Hatchett when he escapes from prison.
comedy:When his daughter and son-in-law fall prey to a scam, Istanbul con man Asım Noyan meets his match in a madcap kingpin of an underground gambling world.
children:Jin and his dragon monster Draka set out on a racing adventure and try to save the kingdom from evil forces.
other:Join zoologist Dr. George McGavin for a fascinating, up-close look at the habits and behaviors of primates, our closest animal relatives.
crime:Inspired by Khon dance drama and Thai martial arts, a fighter scarred by the past joins forces with a determined cop to battle an organized crime ring.
children:A talking monkey famous for his TV commercials dreams of breaking into real movies. But first he stumbles upon a brother and sister who need his help.
comedy:Seeking revenge on his employer, a lazy bank agent and his two dim-witted friends concoct an elaborate but flawed heist.
children:A family’s festive Halloween plans take a spooky turn when an evil witch's curse transforms the costumed clan into actual monsters.
children:It's a new school year at Monster High, and the little sister of Clawdeen Wolf, Howleen, is determined to be more fangtastic than ever.
children:Cleo is invited to a gala in the big city celebrating a magical comet and brings her best friends along. But the sinister Nefera has other plans.
other:Clawdeen wants to turn an abandoned power station into a salon for monsters and normies alike. But Moanica's got a shocking plan to ruin everything.
children:A swanky cruise veers off course for Lagoona and her friends when they're left stranded on Skull Shores, an island with a notorious beast.
children:When Frankie Stein travels back in time, a teen scientist follows her home into the present and causes a lab accident that creates four new monsters.
children:In their bid to win the Skulltimate Roller Maze championship, Monster High loses its star players, Clawd and Deuce, to injury.
children:Big changes are afoot at Monster High when administrators announce a merger with two other schools, designed to bring all monsters together.
children:Draculaura is whisked to Transylvania to be crowned vampire queen, but when she learns she's been duped, the search is on for the true royal heir.
children:After learning that monsters and Normies used to spend Halloween together, Frankie Stein and her pals rally both groups for a frightfully good time.
children:At a Monster High party, Lagoona and pals are sucked into the reef, where she'll have to come to terms with her flaws and confront an old frenemy.
children:Hearing that their old school is being haunted, Spectra Vondergeist and her pals head back to Monster High to get to the bottom of the scary spookery.
children:Insecure new student Frankie Stein struggles to fit in at Monster High, where ultra-cool ghoul Cleo De Nile and hunky monster Deuce rule the roost.
children:When Clawdeen gets a chance to study with a top fashion designer, she and her pals hop on a plane to Scaris, France, the city where screams come true.
children:Draculaura's ghoulfriends have some suspicions about one of her two persistent suitors – but can they stop him before he steals her un-beating heart?
children:A trio of friends sets out to expose the terrors of a vacant neighborhood house, which appears to have a craving for people — and a life of its own.
children:When a teenager discovers he's not really human, he ventures out to a remote island to explore his roots and confronts a series of wild challenges.
children:Max, Lily and Goo love to put their minds together and use their math skills to overcome any obstacle, even ones with two left feet or ten thumbs.
comedy:An office temp thinks she's found Mr. Right when she starts dating a handsome surgeon. But there's a problem standing in the way of everlasting bliss.
action:An American platoon stationed in the Middle East is thrust into battle with a breed of tentacled aliens whose rapid spread threatens human survival.
anime:Art imitates life when Chiyo discovers her crush is a famous artist who wants to use their budding relationship as inspiration for his romantic manga.
other:TV personality Monty Don visits France’s most famous gardens to dig up the influence of power, culture and passion on their conceptions and designs.
other:From horticultural hideaways to luxurious botanical displays, TV personality Monty Don explores the history behind Italy’s most extraordinary gardens.
action:The Monty Python comedy clan skewers King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table as they quest far and wide for the Holy Grail.
other:Prominent comedians pay tribute to Monty Python's best work in this five-part series, along with selected clips of sketches.
documentary:Follow the evolution of the British sketch comedy troupe that redefined humor and shaped an entire generation of American comics.
comedy:Live from London in a sold-out final show, surviving members of the British comedy troupe reprise old roles and break out in irreverent song and dance.
comedy:Discover how six seemingly ordinary but supremely talented men became Monty Python, sketch comedy's revolutionary comedy troupe.
comedy:The members of Monty Python reunite on stage to talk about making their iconic show that changed sketch comedy forever.
comedy:Film clips and Terry Gilliam animations feature in this live-to-tape performance of greatest hits, including Travel Agent and Solo Wrestling.
documentary:From heyday to curtain call, this documentary offers a rare glimpse of the legendary Monty Python troupe as it stages live shows after a long hiatus.
other:The legacy of comedy group Monty Python, whose irreverent brand of humor has tickled the ribs of millions, is explored in this documentary.
international:The Pythons elevate the absurd to new heights and bring their sketches to German TV, working in phonetic German, at times with an Australian accent.
other:The Monty Python players make their mark with a winning mix of wit, ingenuity and brilliant timing – and a penchant for mockery and cross-dressing.
other:Born in a stable in Judea, Brian grows up to join a group of anti-Roman zealots, but his fate keeps getting confused with that of a certain carpenter.
other:Original members of the iconic Monty Python comedy troupe pick their all-time favorite sketches from their groundbreaking television series.
crime:This dramatization tells the story of Argentine boxing champion Carlos Monzón, as well as the investigation into the death of his wife Alicia Muñiz.
drama:As he nears the end of a lonely three-year stint on the moon base Sarang, astronaut Sam Bell begins to hear and see strange things.
drama:In a crime-infested Miami neighborhood, a gay African-American boy with a drug-addicted mother grows up with the help of a mentoring drug dealer.
action:A brain-addled war vet, a failing band manager and a Stanley Kubrick impersonator help the CIA construct an epic scam by faking the 1969 moon landing.
drama:A railway stationmaster tries to cope with his wife's death, his estrangement from his son and the corrupt world in which he lives.
international:After her son dies in an accident, a legal consultant is forced to prove her innocence when she's accused of his murder.
other:Little Mila turns playtime into a series of fun and educational adventures with her magical pet Morphle, who transforms into anything she dreams up!
drama:When his father moves from the U.S. to Heidelberg, Germany, an African American teenager struggles to find his place and pursue his hip-hop dreams.
crime:After making a deal with a supernatural figure, two high schoolers emerge with extraordinary powers and join forces to solve a murder.
documentary:This comic documentary follows the Mortified movement, a series of stage events where adults share awkward childhood moments in front of strangers.
drama:Two communities in Mumbai get a final chance to compete with each other in the celebration of the iconic Ganesh Chaturthi festival.
comedy:Comic Moshe Kasher returns to his home turf of Oakland for this stand-up special that has him sharing uproarious stories about the people he's met.
international:Cadets from every level of Israeli society undergo intense training to join their country's elite, highly classified intelligence service, the Mossad.
international:A 1950s housewife goes to Rio de Janeiro to meet up with her husband, only to learn he's deserted her, but decides to stay and open a bossa nova club.
documentary:Explore the unconventional career of Sunny Leone, who transitioned from adult film star to Bollywood actress and reality TV star.
action:After his life is saved by a rogue Iraqi squadron, a young police officer joins them in their fight against ISIS in a decimated Mosul.
drama:Shuhei’s erratic mother feels threatened when he starts to awaken to a world beyond her distorted control, sending the family hurtling towards tragedy.
children:Classic nursery rhymes and children's songs get a fresh twist in this high-energy program that helps kids learn as they dance and sing along.
comedy:Pushing 40 and unemployed, a Dubai returnee desperate for a wife catches the eye of a Bhopal belle, who sees him solely as her ticket out of India.
comedy:When three brothers unwittingly get entangled in a murder associated with a fraudulent ashram leader, they set out to expose him to society as a fake.
children:Imaginative boy Ben transforms his city by bringing colorful street art to life, armed with a magic paintbrush – and the classic sounds of Motown.
children:Motu and Patlu want to help a circus lion get back to the jungle. On the way, the three become caught up in an exciting adventure in the forest.
action:Featuring breathtaking imagery and thought-provoking narration, this film takes viewers to the summits of some of the world’s most amazing mountains.
documentary:Discover the brilliant dancers and choreographers who are shaping the art of movement around the world in this documentary series.
comedy:An eye-popping cast stars in this sketch-comedy collage, the new millennium's homage to classic anthology films like The Kentucky Fried Movie.
documentary:Experience nature's art as filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg highlights the beauty that lurks in oceans, forests, deserts and flowers.
international:Family problems, relationship issues and professional challenges dog law graduate Melissa Chan following her return from London to Malaysia.
action:An orphaned boy raised by animals in the jungle seizes his destiny while confronting a dangerous enemy – and his own human origins.
drama:When the lives of a carefree boxer and his cabdriver dad collide with the ambitions of a ruthless businessman, a search for answers turns to revenge.
drama:A temporary personal chef, a terminally ill single mother and her young daughter form an unlikely bond that redefines the meaning of family.
comedy:After inheriting a media empire, humble Longfellow Deeds moves to the Big Apple – where a reporter and a company bigwig are waiting to pounce on him.
documentary:World-renowned choreographer Ohad Naharin is profiled in this vivid documentary that mixes rehearsal footage with insights about his influence.
comedy:Hilarious high school teacher Gabriel Iglesias tries to make a difference in the lives of some smart but underperforming students at his alma mater.
children:Resurrected from the 1960s animated series Rocky and Bullwinkle, canine genius Mr. Peabody and young Sherman take a dizzying ride through time.
drama:An aging California pig farmer whose property is on the brink of foreclosure makes a last-ditch trip across the border to sell his prized hog.
action:Fresh off a bad relationship, thrill-seeking Martha finds romance and danger with Francis, a hit man who's decided to turn the tables on his clients.
comedy:"When a carefree man is left with his uncle's fortune, he can only receive the riches on one condition: he must settle down with a good woman."
comedy:A struggling comedian returns to Austin, Texas, to see her ailing cat and face her messy past – while staying with her ex and his new girlfriend.
international:A young boy who ends up in the U.S. after the 1871 Shinmiyangyo incident returns to Korea at a historical turning point and falls for a noblewoman.
comedy:When a young man ignores a feng shui master’s warning and decides to marry before turning 30, a series of mishaps begins to curse his life.
comedy:When a self-help author learns that his mother has fallen for his sadistic high school gym teacher, he tries to put a stop to their budding romance.
children:After Adam graduates from college at age 14, he heads back to high school to teach science, where his crush and his best friends are his students!
international:When a doctor gets jailed for a string of shocking murders, his loyal wife sets out to commit a copycat crime to prove his innocence.
comedy:A successful advertising agency executive falls asleep on an airplane and wakes up in an alternate universe as a stay-at-home mom with three kids.
comedy:Chaos ensues after two orphaned twin brothers raised apart team up with their eccentric, unmarried uncle to find a solution to their romantic woes.
drama:Carefree college student Vicente ends up in a desperate fight for freedom when a well-connected friend falsely accuses him of a hit-and-run accident.
drama:Four friends who make their living as prostitutes in Morocco deal with both the dangers and stigma that come with their profession.
documentary:Dazzling and tender-hearted, legendary astrologer Walter Mercado vanished at the peak of his fame. This documentary poignantly explains what happened.
drama:Sent away from his family to a remote mountain town, teacher Mahir helps the villagers build a school – and inspires a path to hope for them all.
drama:Two Mississippi teens meet peculiar drifter Mud and get caught up in his web of tall tales about lost love, crimes of passion and bounty hunters.
drama:Two Mississippi families – one black, one white – confront the brutal realities of prejudice, farming and friendship in a divided World War II era.
action:A martial arts specialist accidentally becomes a superhero when he steps in – in costume – to help the cops catch a criminal.
comedy:A trio of best friends — a carefree bachelorette, a passionate mom and a perfectionist girlfriend — try to spice up their sex lives with their partners.
comedy:Samir must overcome a hostile horoscope, a hot temper and a determined rival to win the heart of Rani, the love of his life.
action:Jailed as a teenager, Shankar has been unable to stay on the right side of the law ever since, despite his wife's pleas and his mother's rejection.
children:When young Mukhsin arrives in a new town, 10-year-old tomboy Orked adopts him as her new best friend, and the two develop a touching friendship that begins to spill over into the inklings of first love.
drama:This coming-of-age tale follows Rahul, a young boy growing up in a Mumbai slum whose alcoholic father abuses him and his mother.
comedy:In Delhi for the first time, a Mumbai girl loses her phone but gets a surprise chance at true love with a local boy who begrudgingly helps her.
comedy:Still a virgin at 32 years old, a frustrated advertising agent gets the shock of his life when an unlikely chain of events turns him into a porn star.
drama:A moving portrayal of the 2006 train bombings in Mumbai, this Indian drama follows the interconnected stories of several strangers.
horror:Haunted by terrifying visions, a Muslim healer finds his faith tested when he helps a woman locked in battle, body and soul, with a diabolical leader.
comedy:When they both fall for the same girl, best pals and shameless womanizers Prince and Jassi go head-to-head to compete for her love.
children:When the old guardian of the moon retires, the mischievous Mune is chosen as his successor, but he worries he's not up to the job.
children:In the middle of their global tour, the Muppets inadvertently get mixed up in a perilous drama involving a gang of international jewel thieves.
action:God-fearing Pandit Krishna Kant loses everything and turns to a life of crime after his landlord tries to rape his wife and tears his family apart.
comedy:A young man and his parents ponder the reasons behind the recent breakdown of a relationship he was in – and the possibility of reconciliation.
action:When jingle composer Nanda's car breaks down on his way to Chennai, he hitchhikes there with Arjun, who tries to rope Nanda into a shady deal.
other:Dramatic reenactments paired with archival sources artfully illustrate how police brought some of Britain's most infamous killers to justice.
crime:In Humboldt County, California, the big business of legal marijuana brings in visitors from around the world. Some are never seen again.
comedy:On a long-awaited trip to Europe, a New York City cop and his hairdresser wife scramble to solve a baffling murder aboard a billionaire's yacht.
comedy:A mild-mannered office drone plucks a Halloween party invitation off the street and suddenly finds himself the main event at a murder party.
documentary:After 16-year-old Cyntoia Brown is sentenced to life in prison, questions about her past, physiology and the law itself call her guilt into question.
crime:Mixing interviews with dramatic re-enactments, this series focuses on lethal love affairs and spouses driven to murder.
international:An online matchmaker who's convinced she's living under a curse finds her theories on life and love tested when she meets a shrewd divorce expert.
drama:A dejected small-town music teacher grapples with guilt and regret when his ex-pupil who once loved him returns home as the star he always wanted to be.
comedy:When a teenage girl develops romantic feelings for her childhood best friend, she finds herself changing her ways to win him over.
comedy:After being dumped on New Year's Eve, Bill pursues his ex-girlfriend to an off-season Gulf Coast beach town, but things get complicated along the way.
children:After a natural disaster known as the Big Fart leaves Earth divided, only Sheriff and his rebel misfits can protect the planet from a mutant invasion.
other:When his girlfriend vanishes, a mute man ventures into a near-future Berlin's seamy underworld, where his actions speak louder than words.
comedy:When Omar's grandfather forces him to get a job at a tech company in Mexico City, he meets a quirky ensemble of nine-to-fivers ... and some nemeses.
action:Marlon Brando gives a nuanced performance as the aristocratic Lt. Fletcher Christian, an officer aboard the HMS Bounty who leads a mutiny against the ship's tyrannical Capt. Bligh.
documentary:Through interviews with locals, this documentary investigates the triggers and outcomes of the 2013 communal riots in the heart of Uttar Pradesh.
international:Years after leaving his bride-to-be at the altar, a man crosses paths with his ex and tries to make up for the past, only to find he's been forgotten.
children:Ethan, Benny and fledgling vampire Sarah battle zombies, demons and the other supernatural beasties that regularly threaten their school.
children:"When their parents head out for the evening, Ethan and his little sister get the babysitter of their nightmares: a fledgling vampire named Sarah."
documentary:After suffering a stroke at age 34, a woman documents her struggles, setbacks and eventual breakthrough as she relearns to speak, read and write.
comedy:An unemployed man gets a job as an extra at the shooting of a New Year's Eve TV special that's beset by crises and seems to go on forever.
drama:After a wild night of impulse and infidelity, advertising executive Rajiv Kaul must navigate the blurred lines between life, death, fact and fiction.
drama:After being diagnosed HIV-positive, a champion swimmer is disowned and harassed by all except his loving sister and loyal boyfriend.
international:At the end of the Goryeo period, there were those who led the charge to proclaim a new age – and the ordinary individuals who risked everything.
drama:After the sudden loss of her husband, a mother has a crisis of faith and struggles to keep her life together for the sake of her daughter and herself.
international:Heartbroken and romantically pessimistic, a commercial director meets a young artist and teaches him life-changing lessons about love.
international:Love leaps off the page when an astronomer magically meets her comic book hero in the flesh, but learns that his fictional problems are very real.
comedy:Relocated to a new post and struggling to adjust, a police officer further complicates his life by falling for a woman he has little in common with.
comedy:After an earthquake sends their school building drifting into the sea, a group of high-schoolers struggles to survive and overcome clique wars.
comedy:"Popular blogger Cali is hired for a marketing campaign alongside another viral sensation: her ex-boyfriend Gio, who's intent on winning her back."
comedy:A recently dumped attorney hires a psychic to help her win back her boyfriend. Things take an unexpected turn when another ex re-enters the picture.
international:Due to various personal reasons, a group of Yun Tae-o’s friends move into his house, where they experience love, friendship, and everything in between.
comedy:A bright-eyed villager comes face-to-face with the gritty realities of modern-day Mumbai when he sets out to find his childhood friend.
comedy:Germany's most celebrated actor is commissioned by Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels to prepare the leader of the Third Reich to deliver a speech.
drama:This coming-of-age charmer follows a summer in the life of an 11-year-old girl who learns about love and loss as she grapples with profound changes.
drama:A middle-aged wife and mother of two shocks her traditional, multigenerational Georgian household when she announces she's going to live by herself.
international:Unexpected love finds a lonely woman when she forms a connection with a humanlike hologram who looks exactly like his prickly creator.
drama:Amid the chaos and horror of World War II, a committed German soldier fights a private battle with his own conscience.
comedy:As a man fumbles to keep things in order, his assertive grandmother tries to straighten out his life when she returns to live with him.
other:Couples compete to see who can take the sexiest selfie, with the loser getting a much-needed makeover.
international:Kumiko and Kenichi meet in college and build a happy marriage together. But over time, an unusual problem threatens to destroy their relationship.
comedy:A 9-year-old boy finds his life upended when he's sent to live in an orphanage in this stop-motion animated tale of loss, friendship and young love.
international:Host RJ Anmol conducts in-depth interviews with prominent Indian celebrities, who share the stories that lie behind their successes and failures.
crime:A top detective in the violent crimes unit becomes the sole guardian of his 6-month-old niece when his sister and her husband pass away unexpectedly.
children:School yearbook editor Sunset Shimmer has suddenly been erased from the memories of her best friends and must find out how to fix this.
children:Rainbow Dash, Applejack and friends compete against Crystal Prep Academy and their lead athlete, this world's Twilight Sparkle, in sporting events.
children:The Equestria Girls, human teen counterparts to My Little Pony characters, head to Camp Everfree, where they need a little magic to help save summer.
children:Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Pinkie Pie, Rarity and Fluttershy plan to perform with their new band at the Canterlot High musical showcase.
children:Rarity gets a summer job at Equestria Land, making Applejack feel jealous. But when their friends start vanishing, they must work together to find them.
children:The ponies get in the spirit of the holidays by drawing names for a gift exchange, then race around Equestria in search of the perfect presents.
children:Journey to the enchanted land of Equestria, where unicorn Twilight Sparkle and her pals have adventures and learn valuable lessons about friendship.
crime:In a world that is less than kind, a young woman and a middle-aged man develop a sense of kinship as they find warmth and comfort in one another.
drama:After leaving the orphanage where he was raised, a teen searches for his family only to find work at a farm, where secrets of the past begin to surface.
international:An unfortunate accident alters the life of a high school basketball prodigy, who abandons his beloved sport and becomes entangled in a love triangle.
comedy:TV legend David Letterman teams up with fascinating global figures for in-depth interviews and curiosity-fueled excursions in this monthly talk show.
international:King of Bollywood Shah Rukh Khan opens up about his rise to fame, his family and his billions of fans as he and Dave meet up in Mumbai and New York.
documentary:A filmmaker forges an unusual friendship with an octopus living in a South African kelp forest, learning as the animal shares the mysteries of her world.
international:When things don't go her way during a shooting for her new show, a top actress runs away in an old van that guides her on a time-traveling journey.
comedy:After the untimely demise of her first three husbands, a stoic single mom is left to raise twelve children on her own and provide for her big family.
documentary:When a man discovers he will be the father to a boy, his fear and insecurities send him on an emotional, humorous quest for his own manhood.
children:Everything changes for talented young gymnast Jenny Cortez when she moves with her family from Miami to Toronto to open a new gymnastics club.
comedy:Just in time for Valentine's Day, a program developer pitches a revolutionary dating algorithm to her new CEO, who volunteers them as guinea pigs.
international:After their mother's death, Amal and her brothers struggle to live with their authoritarian father, whose cruelty and neglect break the family apart.
international:An egotistic top male model and a pretty model wannabe are forced to live each other's lives until they figure out a way to undo their body switch.
international:A refined young Joseon scholar's life turns upside down after he rescues a drunk princess who later accuses him of taking something precious from her.
action:A brainy private school student is transferred to a far less elite institution, where he must fend off classmates who settle scores with fistfights.
documentary:After speaking with former Scientology members and being stonewalled by higher-ups, filmmaker Louis Theroux hires actors to re-create alleged events.
international:A nutritionist gets entangled in a series of misunderstandings with her new chaebol boss – who turns out to be someone she slept with in the past.
international:"The isolated life of an extreme introvert is thrown out of order when his company hires a new employee: a cheery extrovert who's not all she seems."
drama:A former defense attorney finds herself back in court when she and her husband are sued for medical emancipation by their 11-year-old daughter.
comedy:After undergoing hypnosis, Ramez finally meets the woman of his dreams — but his vision of her appearance doesn't quite match up with reality.
comedy:When three adult siblings meet the offbeat man who their widowed mom fawns over, they take drastic actions to stop them from ever getting married.
comedy:After moving to Kuala Lumpur, Diana lands a secretary job at an ironworks owned by her husband's old college friend, possibly the world's worst boss.
comedy:Having driven away many of his employees, Bossman and three of his long-suffering workers try to find cheap labor in Vietnam but find trouble instead.
comedy:After declaring that he's going to film himself committing suicide for a school project, Archie videotapes reactions from friends and family.
other:Ink junkies dig skin deep and share personal stories about their collection of body art.
other:When Riley changed schools, she didn't expect the girls to crush on her English teacher dad. And he didn't expect a disturbing infatuation.
comedy:Days before Eid, a salesman fired from his job drives to Ayvalık to meet his girlfriend's family, but the trip goes astray due to his zany travel buddy.
action:A bullied student forms a bond with the leader of a youth gang and discovers the power and meaning of true friendship.
documentary:Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi opens up about his life, including his sex scandals, corruption trials, and friendship with Putin.
drama:While filming a movie in England, Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe slips away with a young Brit for a week of self-discovery and frivolity.
comedy:When a couple leaning toward divorce meets with a pastor for counseling, an unexpected development shakes up their marriage.
comedy:A man finds his marriage to a dedicated women's rights activist facing some unexpected challenges over her commitment to the cause.
documentary:Host Felipe Castanhari explores science, history, mysteries and marvels, uncovering mind-blowing facts with help from his lab buddies.
comedy:Hosts Joel and Mike and their robot companions offer hilarious running commentary on B movies they're forced to watch in these classic MST3K episodes.
comedy:The cult hit returns! Captured by mad scientists, new host Jonah survives a blitz of cheesy B movies by riffing on them with his funny robot pals.
comedy:In a small fishing town, three teenage girls from blue-collar families navigate life and love while working in a pizza parlor.
international:A young man with a unique ability begins working for a centuries-old bar owner who resolves her customers' emotional troubles by entering their dreams.
drama:Tragedy reunites childhood friends Sean, Dave and Jimmy when they're linked together in a murder investigation about Jimmy's teenage daughter.
international:After a car accident enables a young woman to hear mysterious sounds, she meets a mortician. Together, they listen to ghosts and try to help them.
horror:After losing her father, a young woman moves to the city to earn money. When she finds a job at a mysterious bungalow, her worst nightmares come true.
international:Burned out and taken for granted, a working mom suspects her partner is cheating, so to win back his attentions, she feigns a medical diagnosis.
other:This documentary series takes us to the mythic landscapes of Europe to explore some of most enduring legends produced by European culture.
drama:A father leading a dark double life and his daughter, who's eager to pursue her studies in Hyderabad, face the tragic consequences of sex trafficking.
action:A fiery young woman accepts help from a spy agency to avenge her lover's murder. In return, she must prove herself as one of their top recruits.
action:After his sleeping disorder hinders him from protecting his girlfriend, a man sets out to take revenge on the thugs who attacked her.
comedy:When Ignacio learns of an orphanage's financial woes, he pitches in to help – by disguising himself and joining the professional wrestling circuit.
other:On this cooking show, Nadiya Hussain serves up delicious shortcuts, vital ingredients and fast favorites — perfect for today's time-strapped families.
documentary:This documentary examines the naked yoga gurus of India whose devout spiritual practice connects them to the eternal, transcending the material world.
anime:In a world where humans are divided between the land and the sea, four childhood friends from the ocean must attend middle school on the surface.
other:Home bakers with a terrible track record take a crack at re-creating edible masterpieces for a $10,000 prize. It's part reality contest, part hot mess.
international:On this fun and funny competition show, home bakers talented in catastrophe struggle to re-create dessert masterpieces and win a 5,000 euro prize.
international:Home cooks try – and inevitably fail – to re-create spectacular confections on this comical competition show, all for a sweet 5,000 euros.
other:It's the Nailed It! holiday special you've been waiting for, with missing ingredients, impossible asks and desserts that look delightfully sad.
international:The fun, fondant and hilarious cake fails head to Mexico, where very amateur bakers compete to re-create elaborate sweet treats for a cash prize.
international:On this competition show, novice bakers try to avoid a fiasco while duplicating stunning sweets. At stake are a trophy and 5,000 euros.
horror:Recently paralyzed in a devastating car accident, Dana begins to suspect a dark and sinister force may be lurking within her hospital room.
comedy:Rob's madly in love and about to be married. Unfortunately, he's also naked, stuck in an elevator and caught in a time loop.
documentary:Scientists and animal keepers fight to save an orphaned baby elephant at a rescue camp in Botswana while struggling to defend its entire species.
action:While loyally defending his boss from mobsters trying to kill him, a naive, hotel bellboy discovers the family he never knew he had.
comedy:To her Indian parents' dismay, London-born Jasmeet Jazz Malhotra longs for everything Western, including her British boyfriend. On a family trip to India, her father arranges Jazz's nuptials to Arjun Ballu Singh, who's smitten with his new bride.
drama:Aimless valet driver Steven Bassem can't find the motivation to get a better job, even when his fractious immigrant family starts falling apart.
horror:In this adaptation of a Thai folk tale, a man returns from war to his family, unaware of a sad secret about what happened to them while he was away.
comedy:Naomi and her gay best friend, Ely, have been inseparable since childhood, but their bond faces its biggest test yet when they fall for the same guy.
comedy:When a perfectionist ad exec experiences a romantic setback, she embarks on a journey of self-discovery that begins with a dramatic hair makeover.
crime:The true story of Colombia's infamously violent and powerful drug cartels fuels this gritty gangster drama series.
crime:Witness the birth of the Mexican drug war in the 1980s as a gritty new Narcos saga chronicles the true story of the Guadalajara cartel's ascent.
crime:Ride along as police officers and drug smugglers go toe-to-toe, trying to outwit each other in locales around the world.
anime:Guided by the spirit demon within him, orphaned Naruto learns to harness his powers as a ninja in this anime adventure series.
action:When strange ninjas ambush the village of Konohagakure, it's up to adolescent ninja Naruto and his long-missing pal, Sasuke, to save the planet.
action:When four out of five ninja villages are destroyed, the leader of the one spared tries to find the true culprit and protect his land.
action:Mistakenly accused of an attack on the Fourth Raikage, ninja Naruto is imprisoned in the impenetrable Hozuki Castle and his powers are sealed.
action:The adventures of adolescent ninja Naruto Uzumaki continue as he's tasked with protecting a priestess from a demon – but to do so, he must die.
action:When Naruto is sent to recover a missing nin, the rogue manages to send him 20 years into the past, where he unites with his father to battle evil.
action:While on a mission to return a missing pet, Naruto and two fellow ninjas are ambushed by brutal knights led by the enigmatic Temujin.
action:Exuberant ninja Naruto teams up with his pals Sakura and Kakashi to escort Prince Michiru and his son, Hikaru, to the Crescent Moon kingdom.
action:Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura learn they'll be protecting an actress from being hurt while making her next film, but it turns out she's a princess.
drama:A teenage boy becomes smitten with his new drama teacher and pursues her, despite the perilous risks of being found out.
documentary:Concert and behind-the-scenes footage capture life on tour for Uruguayan sensation Natalia Oreiro as she performs for packed crowds throughout Russia.
comedy:A Chilean comedian fuses activism with irreverence for a stand-up set filled with jokes about misogyny, reproductive rights and respecting women.
comedy:Chile's Natalia Valdebenito hits Santiago's Teatro Caupolicán with a one-woman show steeped in irony, a dash of improv and her own personal style.
comedy:Tough talk takes a soft turn as Nate, played by comedian Natalie Palamides, explores humor, heartbreak, sexuality and consent — with a live audience.
other:A Viennese child who was kidnapped and held captive in a basement before escaping after eight years reveals her headline-making story of survival.
comedy:Comic Nate Bargatze touches on air travel, cheap weddings, college football, chocolate milk and the perils of ordering coffee in this stand-up special.
drama:Reeling from the loss of her husband, a widow struggles to fulfill her physical and emotional desires despite social taboos around female sexuality.
documentary:Three former military operatives offer disturbing, firsthand accounts of the deadly impact that U.S. drone warfare has had on civilians overseas.
action:"In this parody of the Lethal Weapon franchise, criminals murder a detective and steal her prized evidence: microfilm with a recipe for cocaine cookies. Luckily, loose-cannon cop Jack Colt and his by-the-book partner, Wes Luger, are on the case."
documentary:Narrated by Robert Redford, this documentary tours the awe-inspiring landscapes, historic sites and untamed wilderness of America's great parks.
action:Modern treasure hunters search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin.
drama:A veteran Shakespearean actor steps off the stage and into the painful tragedy of old age, facing ungrateful family and his fleeting legacy.
comedy:The biggest pranksters on YouTube – VitalyzdTV, Dennis Roady and Roman Atwood – turn Hollywood into Prankwood with their most over-the-top stunts.
drama:As the new kid, a shy high school senior finds himself tormented by all his peers except one. But his new friend has a dark, infectious outlook.
documentary:With custom-built cameras attached to their bodies, animals from nine species offer a rare and intimate glimpse into their lives.
documentary:Sometimes being shady is the only way to survive, a fact these sneaky animal hustlers – including orcas, owls and otters – use to their advantage.
documentary:Sir David Attenborough examines a recently discovered collection of dinosaur fossils. CGI and 3-D scans reveal what the beast may have looked like.
other:This series looks at how seasonal changes cause shifting weather patterns and ocean currents, creating the conditions for spectacular wildlife events.
other:Look behind the scenes of this wildlife documentary series that examines how animals around the world adapt to chaotic natural phenomena.
other:Epic footage captures three of the world's most significant land migrations, following elephants, caribou and zebras on their treacherous journeys.
other:Host Chris Packham examines bizarre natural phenomena from around the globe, from strange creatures to geographical oddities.
comedy:When three different boys propose to a lively, strictly reared girl who yearns to be a performer, she agrees to marry the winner of a singing contest.
other:Shocking footage shows Nazi concentration camps after liberation, including Buchenwald and Ohrdruf, where Gen. Eisenhower ordered local Nazis to tour.
documentary:This documentary series examines Nazi Germany's military hardware, defenses and technology, including fortifications, U-boats and ballistic missiles.
crime:Follow the quirky agents of the NCIS – the Naval Criminal Investigative Service – as they track down terrorists and other high-profile criminals.
action:Bound by a divine mandate, rebellious outcast Ne Zha grapples with his formidable powers and a destiny that would imperil his loved ones.
comedy:Wicked one-liners and soul-baring confessions converge in this uniquely intimate stand-up special from Chappelle's Show co-creator Neal Brennan.
international:As a woman scours Hyderabad for her missing husband, she becomes entangled in a conspiracy that suggests there’s more to the mystery than meets the eye.
action:When her friend’s rapist evades punishment from the law, a determined young woman takes revenge into her own hands in this story based on real events.
drama:When a blind chef’s girlfriend goes missing, his unnerving search for her leads him to find there's more to her disappearance than what meets the eye.
comedy:Joined by his faithful mecha-butler, Kaz Kaan pursues love, fashion and supernatural forces amid Neo Yokio's sinister high society.
anime:Fifteen years after the Second Impact, Shinji Ikari joins his father's group NERV as one of several teenage mecha pilots fighting the monstrous Angels.
drama:When a Chilean policeman vows to find and capture leftist poet Pablo Neruda, a game of cat and mouse ensues that tests both their wills.
comedy:Burdened by troubles and caught between cultures, Riza takes a job as a mall Santa and finds that real life may not be so different from make-believe.
comedy:We asked eight up-and-coming comedians for their wildest sketch and improv routines – and got a new comedy series unlike anything else.
comedy:After a traumatic year, all an Indian-American teen wants is to go from pariah to popular — but friends, family and feelings won’t make it easy on her.
drama:As his father sits behind bars, a young man is lured into Los Angeles' merciless drug world and forced to choose between God and gang life.
romance:Still rebounding from a breakup, Jessica Day moves in with three single guys, all of whom are ready to help her understand the ways of the world.
drama:An aspiring fashion designer's life is transformed after she discovers she’s the heiress of a billion-dollar empire left by her estranged father.
children:When bickering teenage twins accidentally land in the middle of a criminal operation, they'll have to work together to get themselves out of trouble.
drama:Martin and Gabi try to form a relationship after meeting through a hookup app, but when boredom creeps in, they seek out an unconventional solution.
documentary:This intimate portrait sheds light on the trauma experienced and strength displayed by those affected by the 2012 massacre in Newtown, Connecticut.
action:Las Vegas magician Cris can see a few minutes into the future and an FBI agent wants his help thwarting a nuclear attack.
comedy:Clashing views on intimacy lead a couple to go their separate ways to reflect on commitment and companionship, before suddenly crossing paths again.
children:When lonely Mai forms an unlikely bond with a top-secret robot, they embark on an intense, action-packed adventure to foil the plot of a vicious villain.
other:Talented designers from around the world compete for $250,000 and the chance to become the next big thing in fashion.
action:With numbers written on a doll as their only clue, three officers of the law track down a psychotic killer, unearthing dark secrets along the way.
crime:Follow reggaeton artist Nicky Jam's struggles to overcome drug addiction and rise to international success in this dramatization of his life story.
drama:When a stubborn American teenager is sent to Nigeria by his mother, his cousin's scamming business becomes a viable option for securing a return flight.
drama:A teen fresh out of juvenile detention tries to rescue her sister from foster care in order to exact revenge on their father for their mother's murder.
drama:A pair of young environmentalists enlist the help of an ex-military explosives expert to carry out a dangerous act of eco-terrorism.
comedy:Two exes run into each other at a wedding hall and realize they still harbor romantic feelings. The one problem? They just got married to other people.
documentary:This nature series’ new technology lifts night’s veil to reveal the hidden lives of the world’s creatures, from lions on the hunt to bats on the wing.
other:This look behind the scenes shows how worldwide camera crews climbed, dived and froze to capture the documentary's groundbreaking night footage.
crime:Beneath the sunlit glamour of 1985 LA lurks a relentlessly evil serial killer. In this true-crime story, two detectives won't rest until they catch him.
drama:A young hustler finds success trolling the streets of Los Angeles to film disasters and death. But the darkness he captures starts to take hold of him.
horror:With humankind's future at stake, a group of scientists and a powerful telepath venture into the void aboard a spaceship full of secrets.
international:After a new teacher arrives, students' dreams begin to come true. Class president Ye-rim must solve the nightmarish mystery before it's too late.
other:The ongoing housing crisis in Britain has led to an increased number of nasty conflicts between fed-up landlords and exasperated tenants.
drama:When a hurricane hits a coastal North Carolina inn and strands the only guest, surgeon Paul Flanner, a young woman's life changes forever.
comedy:Nikki Glaser bares all in a blistering stand-up special about sex, sobriety and getting over her own insecurities. And she won't spare you the details.
drama:When a cabbie chances upon his childhood sweetheart, he tries to rekindle old feelings but finds that mature love is a more complicated matter.
drama:A bullied teenager gravitates toward the acceptance he finds in a street gang but soon ends up involved in a world of drug abuse and organized crime.
action:When his best friend is murdered by the shadowy Ozunu clan, Raizo, an orphan raised to be an assassin, vows revenge.
anime:"Elementary school student Kenichi Mitsuba's household gains a surprising new member: Kanzo Hattori, a mischievous but helpful young ninja."
children:Everyone's favorite teenage mutants are back in live action to fight crime with help from a new ninja turtle – a female named Venus De Milo.
action:Two average teens go on a magical quest to save the life of their friend and her counterpart from another world. But love complicates their journey.
crime:This docuseries details the suspicious death of Alberto Nisman, investigator of the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association building.
comedy:Seeking the formula behind a magical elixir bequeathed to him by his father, a veterinary professor gets embroiled in a mobster's horse-racing scheme.
comedy:Yearning for a lavish life abroad, an entitled, lazy sexist crafts a scam to ditch his thankless nursing job and find a wealthy spouse to secure a visa.
documentary:Featuring rare concert footage and interviews with legendary musicians, this documentary traces Bob Dylan's life story and extraordinary career.
comedy:After a prank goes sideways, three buddies find their relationships  – with women and each other – tested in unexpected ways.
comedy:A woman enters a quirky mental health clinic after attempting suicide upon finding out her husband is having an affair with her best friend.
anime:Legendary gamer siblings Sora and Shiro are transported to a world where life is a series of games and humanity is in grave danger of extinction.
action:In ancient Disboard, a young warrior befriends an ex machina and embarks on a harrowing mission to stop a global war and save humanity from extinction.
children:A family finds their lives turned upside down when a teenage con artist shows up on their doorstep, claiming she's a distant relative.
comedy:Hoping to prevent their father from skipping town with his mistress, four rowdy siblings resort to absurd measures to stop him.
drama:This thriller tells the true story of model Jessica Lall – who was shot dead in a restaurant – and the campaign to bring her killer to justice.
drama:A mother and young son escape into their own imaginations to ignore the reality of their lives in rural Mexico.
drama:A happily married man gives in to temptation when a wealthy client pursues him, setting off a torrid love triangle.
comedy:Kate, an uptight chef, finds her life turned upside down when her sister dies in a car accident and she becomes her niece's sole guardian.
international:Follow Santiago Artemis, a Buenos Aires fashion dynamo, as he makes his dreams come true while grappling with his love life, therapist and clients.
romance:Her straitjacketed life turned topsy-turvy by hunky Xavier, Evie discovers a new freedom – even though her man just might be an end-of-days crackpot.
international:A series of incidents in Afghanistan set complicated political and personal events in motion for a returning Norwegian Special Forces officer.
drama:When he lands the lead in his Christian school's production of The Merchant of Venice, a secretly gay student is bullied by wealthy upperclassmen.
drama:A former child singer, traumatized by his experiences, becomes a recluse, nurturing his hurt until a woman comes into his life and really hears him.
horror:Addicted to technology, a group of teens attends a rehabilitation camp in the forest, but a sinister force there intends to take them offline forever.
documentary:Hulk Hogan's court case against Gawker Media sheds light on wealthy, powerful figures who challenge freedom of the press in order to silence critics.
international:A new guardian angelus uncovers a secret behind the Angelus System's bureaucracy that leads him to break its official rules about protecting humans.
drama:Reading her ex-husband's violent novel manuscript destabilizes gallery owner Susan's life, upending her present while digging up their past.
children:"Toyland’s boy detective, Noddy, solves mysteries and finds missing objects with help from his friends: a panda, a superhero, a dinosaur and a robot."
comedy:Comedian Norm Macdonald hosts his celebrity friends for casual conversations that range from silly to serious and take many unexpected turns.
comedy:In this new stand-up special, Norm Macdonald delivers sly, deadpan observations from an older – and perhaps even wiser – point of view.
children:Stressed by his duties as king and father, Norm must secretly find his stolen crown while taking his family on a much-needed vacation.
children:When Norm the polar bear is framed for a crime he didn’t commit, his friends step up to help him clear his name.
children:Before planning an awesome wedding for his grandfather, a polar bear king must take back a stolen artifact from an evil archaeologist first.
documentary:This documentary turns the spotlight on the man behind the iconic All in the Family, with comments from friends, family and famous collaborators.
international:The residents of an 8th-century Viking village experience political rivalry, social change and innovations that upend their culture and way of life.
other:When her father moves his family to an industrial mill town, the parson's daughter, Margaret Hale, struggles to adapt to her harsh new surroundings.
drama:After the sudden death of his wife, search and rescue commander John West relocates with his three kids to his rural hometown of Turtle Island Bay.
documentary:An 18-year-old struggling to understand her best friend's suicide talks to teenagers who have grappled with mental illness and suicidal thoughts.
drama:Battling terminal cancer, a woman writes a one of a kind notebook about life, death and love for her son to remember her by. Based on a true story.
documentary:Based on the audio diaries of academic and theologian John Hull, this film offers an impressionistic re-creation of his slow descent into blindness.
comedy:To spice up a dinner party, old friends agree to share every private message that pops up on their phones – with disastrous results.
drama:This biographical drama traces the rise to fame of controversial Brazilian evangelical leader and business titan Edir Macedo.
drama:As controversy surrounds the evangelical church he helped found, Edir Macedo must juggle betrayals, politics and personal loss in this biopic sequel.
children:Scientists test avian aptitude and challenge concepts of intelligence with examples ranging from puzzle-solving crows to parrots with a sense of time.
documentary:Astrophysicists show how black holes might hold answers to how the universe evolved, leading to life on Earth and, ultimately, the human race.
documentary:Thirty years after Chernobyl’s nuclear disaster, engineers race against time to complete a new dome to contain the reactor’s lethal radiation.
documentary:The chariot dominated Chinese warfare for millennia. Now, a team of experts is building their own and unlocking its many secrets.
documentary:Drilling into the impact crater of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs, a group of scientists unearths new evidence about the catastrophic event.
documentary:"After decades of amazing discoveries, spacecraft Cassini embarks on its final – and most daring – mission: a dive below Saturn’s rings."
documentary:Scientists investigate Earth’s climate machine, looking for clues across the globe, from Greenland’s ice sheet to the desert of Australia.
documentary:Scientists reveal how the 2017 solar eclipse provided new clues into how the sun works, from its scorching atmosphere to its deadly solar storms.
documentary:From huge tusks to giant horns, some animals sport weaponry that’s larger than life. Researchers explain the science behind this biological arms race.
documentary:During risky expeditions in an underwater cave, scientists unearth a 13,000-year-old skeleton to gain insight into the earliest known humans in America.
documentary:At a former Nazi execution site in Lithuania, an international team of archaeologists searches for a lost escape tunnel dug by Jewish prisoners.
documentary:Scientists search for evidence left behind by the world’s greatest floods and predict if climate change will cause even greater aquatic disasters.
documentary:Scientists research the world’s deadliest hurricane, trying to understand what this 18th-century storm could tell us about our own future.
documentary:Evidence of a mysterious medieval famine leads researchers on a quest for one of the deadliest volcanoes in human history.
documentary:This documentary details how the water disaster in Flint, Michigan happened, its lasting effects, and the lengthy efforts it took to correct it.
documentary:With the science of forecasting flourishing, this documentary explores how predictions inform our lives and statistics and algorithms' reliability.
documentary:A master armorer and his team recreate parts of a knight's medieval armor and test its strength while rediscovering centuries-old metalworking secrets.
documentary:An international team of rescue workers race to save 12 young soccer players and their coach trapped in a flooded cave in Thailand.
documentary:Two adventurous pilots attempt to fly around the world without using any fuel, relying only on the power of the sun.
other:With access to the scientists and engineers responsible for the Curiosity rover's on-the-ground experiments, NOVA captures its landing on Mars.
crime:Survivors and first responders share personal stories of anguish, kindness and bravery that unfolded amid the Paris terror attacks of Nov. 13, 2015.
drama:Dissatisfied with the police’s progress, a teen and his best friend investigate their classmate's murder, treading down a dark path to the uneasy truth.
drama:Waxing nostalgic about the bittersweet passage from childhood to puberty, four childhood girlfriends recall the magical summer of 1970.
documentary:This rockumentary tells the behind-the-scenes story of the Hall-of-Fame band Chicago, from their jazz-rock fusion roots to chart-topping pop hits.
drama:Raised by his aunt since he was a young boy, charismatic John Lennon is suddenly reunited with his mother, Julia, which ignites a bitter battle.
crime:Two nefarious schemes taking place 10 years apart entangle a dauntless triad member, who must break out of prison to rescue a loved one.
crime:After German reunification, the neo-Nazi National Socialist Underground begins a killing spree while cops fight an uphill battle to catch them.
documentary:This documentary series lifts the mask on Mexican wrestling, diving into the daily lives of its stars, examining the sport’s cultural impact and more.
children:In a place called Numberland, math adds up to tons of fun when a group of cheerful blocks work, play and sing together.
documentary:Guided by survivors' testimonies, this documentary explores the history and meaning of the numbers tattooed on the bodies of Auschwitz prisoners.
documentary:In the '90s, the explosive popularity of hip-hop music in Italy impacts the nation's character while creating a new kind of renegade artist.
anime:By night, teenage Rikuo becomes a form of demon called yokai, preparing to fulfill his destiny as the head of his legendary yokai clan.
comedy:A flawed but dedicated ER nurse works in a New York City hospital and relies on pain meds to get through exhausting days in this Emmy-winning show.
other:Top medical, criminal and psychological experts analyze the motives and methods of nurses who use their positions to kill rather than heal.
drama:A self-diagnosed nymphomaniac reveals a lifetime of sexual experiences to a man who saves her from being beaten in an alley.
drama:The second half of Lars von Trier's epic follows Joe as her reignited sex addiction destroys her family and thrusts her toward a surprising new trade.
drama:After being raped in her home, a married woman chooses not to tell her husband, unaware that he has his own troubled secret and a plan for revenge.
international:Five schoolmates who share a blood type navigate the vagaries of friendship, love and university life.
documentary:This film details the rise of British rock group Oasis and the creativity and chaos that brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher brought to the iconic band.
comedy:After being fired from her job and dumped by her cheating boyfriend, a comedian has a one-night stand. Weeks later, she finds out she's pregnant.
documentary:This documentary examines the vital role water plays in human existence and the cause-and-effect interplay between oceans and the environment.
action:When aliens take over their small Australian town, a modest group of survivors must unite to fend off their otherworldly intruders.
international:In the near future, Russia initiates a silk glove invasion of Norway to restart oil production, but soon uncertainty, chaos and danger erupt.
action:Frank Sinatra leads an all-star cast as Danny Ocean, who decides to knock over a few casinos on the Las Vegas Strip with his buddies.
action:This entry in the all-star caper franchise finds debonair con man Danny Ocean and his gang taking revenge on a double-crossing Las Vegas kingpin.
action:Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in a caper covering three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam.
crime:An undercover detective crosses paths with familiar faces in the mafia underworld during the final years of Britain's ruling of Hong Kong.
action:The family drama gets downright monstrous as parents Fred and Deloris hunt the supernatural, and twins Viv and Geoff harbor their own strange secrets.
other:A team of brave underwater explorers known as the Octonauts combs the world's oceans for aquatic creatures in desperate need of assistance.
children:The Octonauts embark on an underwater adventure, navigating a set of challenging caves to help a small octopus friend return home to the Caribbean Sea.
children:In this musical special, the Octonauts must find a way to hold back hungry swarms of coral-eating starfish to save a new friend’s fragile reef home.
children:Seven furry, colorful friends who live in the small town of Oddsville like to play, have adventures and get into all sorts of creative mischief.
other:Dressed up as detective Sherlock Holmes, Slick must crack the case when a magician turns Jeff's spooky-costume party guests into their scary alter egos.
other:In this Oddbods special, Bubbles's latest invention, the Naughty-or-Nice Machine, zaps Santa Claus, jeopardizing the whole Christmas holiday season.
comedy:While trying to buy his wife a set-top box, a struggling writer and his pal get entangled in the domino effect of a spectacularly botched drug deal.
comedy:Photographer, writer and director Sam Jones sets his famous guests at ease with his freewheeling, insightful celebrity interviews without agendas.
comedy:Fed up with the uselessness of their degrees and swayed by a TV commercial, two Spaniards head to Berlin for work but find it not quite as advertised.
international:Amaia investigates several suspicious infant deaths and horrific rituals. Meanwhile, people around her risk grave danger. Part 3 in the Baztan Trilogy.
international:A department store mogul has his son work incognito in a menial job to prove his worthiness, while female co-workers teach him how normal people live.
action:"Fallen Los Angeles police officer Terrence Downe finds new life as a secret weapon: a scientifically altered super-cop with unlimited lives."
action:Competitive gamer Jan finds his life thrown for a loop when his bitter rival hacks his identity just before a high-stakes tournament.
comedy:A Melbourne obstetrician in her thirties struggles with the increasingly chaotic family, romantic and professional aspects of her life in this drama.
children:Wimpy blue cat Oggy would like nothing more than to snooze, but he's constantly bothered by the three ugly cockroaches who have invaded his home.
action:A penniless actor new to Mumbai and a beautiful woman he meets one fateful night try to stop a gangster from replacing India's president with a twin.
international:Possessed by the ghost of a lustful virgin, a timid assistant chef becomes confidently libidinous, drawing the attention of a haughty culinary star.
comedy:The spirited trio are back to take on a new ghost-busting adventure at a mens' residence, where spooky secrets lurk around every corner.
comedy:After a body is discovered in their building, a vengeful, paranormal presence begins to affect Taew, Mod Dum and Cartoon's business.
comedy:Ghosts wreak havoc at the old school, and a student communicates with the spirit while the team reckons with a power struggle.
comedy:Mumbai shopkeeper Kanji Bhai files a lawsuit against God when an earthquake destroys his store and his insurance policy won't cover the damage.
children:Nate and his Super Wicked Extreme Emergency Team –  S.W.E.E.T. – take on alien invaders who have captured all the world's grownups.
children:Using a concoction of cartoons, comedy and live action, Dr. Yuck and his eccentric lab mates investigate the science behind the planet's ickiest things.
comedy:Two delusional geriatrics reveal curious pasts, share a love of tuna and welcome a surprise guest in this filming of the popular Broadway comedy show.
comedy:Awkward 16-year-old Andrei is infatuated with his alluring but aloof schoolmate Ramona – until he meets stunning hotel clerk Anemona while on vacation.
comedy:A surly septuagenarian gets another chance at her 20s after having her photo snapped at a studio that magically takes 50 years off her life.
comedy:A surly septuagenarian gets another chance at her 20s after having her photo snapped at a studio that magically takes 50 years off her life.
comedy:A surly septuagenarian gets another chance at her 20s after having her photo snapped at a studio that magically takes 50 years off her life.
international:After a newly rich family moves into an upper-class neighborhood, they try to keep their matriarch's obsessive pursuit of social acceptance in check.
comedy:An unapologetic lothario sets out to seduce three ex-flames – but gets an unexpected education in love along the way.
action:A gentle giant and the girl who raised her are caught in the crossfire between animal activism, corporate greed and scientific ethics.
anime:After losing her parents, a young girl learns about grief and healing from a friendly ghost who lives in her grandmother's traditional Japanese inn.
documentary:Domestic terrorist Timothy McVeigh's bomb attack on an Oklahoma City federal building in 1995 is chronicled in this examination of the shocking event.
international:In 1900 Munich, ambitious brewer Curt Prank uses brutal tactics on his quest to build a beer hall that will dominate the city's lucrative Oktoberfest.
documentary:This documentary captures the environmental and societal impact of Brazil's Cerrado savanna suffering from severe deforestation.
international:Backstabbing, blackmail and revenge consume the dysfunctional family of a wealthy patriarch as they compete to find him a new liver at all costs.
documentary:This documentary series offers an alternative take on modern American history, focusing on underreported events that shaped the nation's character.
children:Two quirky cats, Ollie and Moon, and their friend Stanley the snail travel the world, solving everyday problems and learning about different cultures.
drama:A pregnancy forces an actress out of her latest play and into a difficult confrontation with her own rapidly transforming reflection.
action:A disgraced Secret Service agent must come to the rescue when Korean terrorists descend on the White House and take the president hostage.
comedy:Reincarnated 30 years after being killed in a suspicious on-set fire, a small-time actor is determined to punish the person who ignited the blaze.
comedy:Now parents, Omar and Salma hit some obstacles while raising their two children and staying in love after the honeymoon ends.
comedy:In this second sequel of the trilogy, marital strife brews as Omar pursues a music career despite Salma’s wishes that he opt for a more stable job.
international:In a city where citizens are monitored 24/7, a tech employee must outsmart her surveillance drone in order to investigate a murder.
drama:Two shy and socially awkward co-workers in Budapest form a special bond through a mysterious mystic connection that manifests in a dream.
international:These uncanny tales reveal a world where individuals face the tragic consequences of social pressure, parental oppression and family dysfunction.
romance:In a rough inner-city Los Angeles neighborhood, four smart, funny and streetwise teens find their lifelong friendship tested as they begin high school.
drama:Arrested in Rome for a drug-related offense, Stefano Cucchi endures a harrowing week in custody that changes his family forever. Based on true events.
international:A group of reality stars transitions into their newly achieved fame while dealing with the demands of an obnoxious TV executive and their regular lives.
action:Two rebellious, hot-headed teenage brothers get caught up in gang life, which has dangerous repercussions for their family and friends.
documentary:Based on photographer Michael O’Neill’s book of the same name, this documentary traces the author’s 10-year journey through the landscape of yoga.
drama:Seeking to heal after a traumatic assault, a young woman retreats to a small village by the hills, where she finds hope, love and new purpose.
action:Two former triads are tapped to run in an election for leader of the underworld, but both want normal lives. Each must outwit the other to lose.
drama:After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person.
documentary:English singer-songwriter George Ezra performs his standout songs and speaks about his transformation from aspiring bassist to pop star.
documentary:Between shots of live performances, Tom Meighan and Sergio Pizzorno of the English rock band talk about the 20-plus years of making music together.
documentary:Through performances and interviews, musician Moby opens up about his unusual childhood, his heroes and the stories behind his songs.
documentary:The career of rhythm guitarist and Chic founder Nile Rodgers is chronicled in this musical blend of documentary and original concert performance.
documentary:Between scenes from an intimate performance, the Oasis legend reflects on his road to stardom and offers insights on his creative process.
documentary:Exclusive interviews, live performances and studio recording sessions offer an intimate look at how OneRepublic became the successful band it is today.
documentary:In addition to concert scenes and studio recording sessions, this documentary presents exclusive interviews of the five men from the Irish rock band.
documentary:One of the most successful female groups in music history, TLC performs in concert while taking a look back at their tumultuous history.
international:Fighting to save his ancestors' mansion from demolition, Youssef unpacks a series of love stories that took place there with a journalist.
international:As the nine continents face a crisis, a young disciple joins the Spirit Blade sect and comes under the tutelage of a temperamental sage.
drama:Organized crime came to London in the 1930s, ushering in three decades ruled by two legendary gangsters whose legacy outlived their reign.
drama:Mumbai's top mob boss rules the underworld with honor and compassion, but his power-hungry protégé will shake up the world of organized crime.
drama:This turbulent sequel to Once Upon a Time in Mumbai carries on the saga of the gangland don Shoaib Khan, who continues pressing for more control.
action:In this epic spaghetti Western, a flinty gunslinger is hired by a railroad tycoon to kill anyone standing in the way of his trans-American iron horse.
action:When his partner is killed, a young cop is forced to care for the man's four children, and solicits the help of a woman who moves in with them.
comedy:The lives of a Mumbai man and woman who are both dealing with issues intersect through a TV dance show that she wants to win but he wants to sabotage.
drama:When his colleague (and crush) temporarily loses her memory, an overlooked geek seizes the chance to make an impression before she remembers again.
comedy:In a reimagining of the TV classic, a newly single Latina mother raises her teen daughter and tween son with the help of her old-school mom.
drama:Harboring a deep secret, a seemingly happy family confronts the trauma of years past as a clash between generations threatens to separate them.
drama:A former judge in retirement finds and punishes the culprits he could not convict in court, spurring a crime branch officer to investigate.
documentary:Award-winning documentarian Morgan Spurlock turns his camera on boy band phenomenon One Direction in this combination concert film and backstage pass.
documentary:In this concert film, Indian musical maestro A.R. Rahman performs 15 of his most popular songs and reveals himself through interviews and clips.
documentary:Follow the journey of Satnam Singh Bhamara as he works to fulfill his dream of becoming the first India-born player to be drafted into the NBA.
comedy:In this low-budget short film, two best buddies meet up for a night of booze-fueled fun before one of them moves to Vancouver.
drama:After 25 years of searching, a lonely dentist finds his long-lost daughter but learns that she suffers from a rare medical condition.
documentary:Infertility affects millions. One couple copes with the assisted reproduction process by documenting its pain, disappointment and potential joy.
international:This fantasy drama follows an indie band singer who repeatedly undergoes unwanted time slips and the girlfriend he must save from an unlucky fate.
drama:When her son's condition becomes severe, a woman reconnects with the biological father. But the reunion puts a strain on their respective relationships.
drama:An obsession with a woman with whom he had a one-night stand brings disharmony into a man's life and destroys his peace of mind.
documentary:In the wake of trauma and abuse, three Hasidic Jews face ostracism, anxiety and danger as they attempt to leave their ultra-Orthodox community.
comedy:When his ex-wife lands a job abroad, athlete-turned-sportscaster Flex Washington assumes full-time custody of their teenage daughter, Breanna.
anime:Monkey D. Luffy sails with his crew of Straw Hat Pirates through the Grand Line to find the treasure One Piece and become the new king of the pirates.
international:When Lee Jeong-in and Yu Ji-ho meet, something unexpected happens. Or it just may be that spring is in the air – and anything is possible.
documentary:Hosted by Will Smith, this series follows eight astronauts who share their unique perspectives on Earth, the fragile and beautiful planet we call home.
documentary:Members of Thai girl group BNK48 share the ups and downs of preparing for the 6th Single Senbatsu General Election.
anime:The most powerful superhero in the world can kill anyone with one blow. But nothing can challenge him, so he struggles with ennui and depression.
drama:Two strangers cross paths on a train en route to Izmir, bonding over their turbulent — and unexpectedly intertwined — romantic pasts.
drama:A couple must endure a self-imposed quarantine and elude authorities after a mysterious virus proves lethal to the world’s female population.
other:When a cop kills the brother of an expat American gangster who runs a Bangkok fight club, his crime-boss mother flies in to supervise revenge.
other:After dating a charming cop who turns into an obsessive stalker, a small-town girl must save herself from his deadly ways.
documentary:Given unprecedented access to soldiers and terrorists alike, journalist Michael Ware presents an epic, uncensored, intimate account of the Iraq War.
children:After saving a deer from a hunter's clutches, a domesticated grizzly finds himself relocated to the wild – and unprepared for the real world.
comedy:Once a rising star on Broadway, Nick is now the perennially pestered production manager for a new musical dedicated to rock music's one-hit wonders.
action:In a crime-plagued area of Rio de Janeiro, a team of honest cops, including a determined rookie, fights corruption and mistrust on all sides.
children:A by-the-book political aide falls for a big-hearted Air Force pilot while looking to shut down his tropical base and its airborne Christmas tradition.
action:To pave the way for a major amphibious invasion, a team of South Korean spies goes behind enemy lines to steal a map of North Korean coastal defenses.
other:A team of modern-day adventurers follows the footsteps of the money-hungry explorers who trekked the Klondike in search of Canadian gold.
action:In a dangerous area of the Mekong River, a drug raid ending in 13 deaths arouses the suspicions of a narcotics officer who sets out to find the truth.
documentary:A Russian mobster, a Cuban spy and a smooth operator from Miami scheme to sell a Soviet submarine to a Colombian drug cartel for $35 million.
other:Drs. Chris and Xand van Tulleken take an entertaining approach to educate children about medicine and biology through experiments and hospital visits.
international:On Yi-seul's wedding day, her friend Baek-ho wishes he could turn back time to tell her he loves her. Soon he gets a chance to change everything.
action:A special task force takes on a risky operation to evacuate civilians amid civil war. Based on the 2015 mission to rescue Chinese citizens in Yemen.
comedy:When a programmer uses his wife's sympathetic voice for his company's customer service app, he starts to rely more on her idealized self than her.
action:Leader of the Ten Kwangtung Tigers, Tieh Chiao-san works with his kung fu students to protect his village from crime. But when an opium dealer starts to ruin the town, Tieh Chiao-san struggles to fight back, thanks to his growing opium addiction.
documentary:Oprah Winfrey talks with the exonerated men once known as the Central Park Five, plus the cast and producers who tell their story in When They See Us.
comedy:A privileged New Yorker ends up in a women's prison when a past crime catches up with her in this Emmy-winning series from the creator of Weeds.
drama:A woman who's been alone on a spaceship her whole life becomes enamored with an engineer who suddenly enters her life and upends her universe.
crime:Get an intimate look at four engaged citizens whose courage, sense of civic duty and ultimate sacrifice helped to transform Italian society.
drama:Barely making a living as pickpockets, a teenage couple in Manila resort to desperate measures when their one-month-old child is kidnapped.
comedy:A suburban dad having a midlife crisis throws a lavish 40th birthday party to celebrate his punk-rock past but discovers it's not easy going back.
action:A gang leader recruits a suicidal Superman impersonator, while a woman driving a hot car linked to the gang plots revenge against them and their hero.
documentary:This documentary series explores the stories behind history's most fascinating innovations, including games, technology, sports, medicine and more.
comedy:When the village's biryani cook unexpectedly passes, a widow steps up to the plate and takes on new delectable challenges.
children:Plucky lizard Oscar spends his time trying to avoid the hazards of the desert, including marauding chickens and bumbling adversaries.
international:In near-future Paris, two brilliant siblings unveil a high-tech implant designed to pair up soul mates. But the beta test yields unwelcome surprises.
comedy:After a bad breakup, a struggling New York comedy writer tries to don a brave face and care for his dying mother in Sacramento.
comedy:Feeling forgotten on Mother's Day, three best friends leave the suburbs and drive to New York City to surprise their adult sons.
drama:After inventing a drug that induces time-compressed virtual realities, young Ren grapples with partner Sam over how to use their powerful creation.
drama:Taken into custody, a murder suspect's theatrical explanations of his peculiar modus operandi unearth truths far beyond the crime he’s accused of.
drama:Young orphan Kuttappayi goes to live with his grandfather in the country, but his new life takes a hard turn when his grandfather's health fails.
documentary:In 1986, Tommaso Buscetta became the first top-level Mafia boss ever to testify against the mob. It cost him and his family everything.
horror:A young man invents a device he hopes will generate wireless energy, but instead, it proves to spark sinister, supernatural activity in his home.
comedy:A seemingly clueless idealist relies on his exasperated sisters for shelter and support after his girlfriend dumps him and his dog is taken away.
comedy:A love-challenged man and a woman he meets at a bookshop bar begin dating, but only at the shop – and without knowing anything about each other.
documentary:Experience our planet's natural beauty and examine how climate change impacts all living creatures in this ambitious documentary of spectacular scope.
documentary:Years spent recording footage of creatures from every corner of the globe is bound to produce a bit of drama. Here's a behind-the-scenes look.
comedy:In a battle of the bands, a percussions student and her musical kindred spirits set out to prove the merits of Chinese folk against the Western canon.
drama:After widowed neighbors Addie and Louis begin sleeping in bed together platonically to alleviate their loneliness, a real romance begins to blossom.
anime:New student Haruhi stumbles on the Ouran High School Host Club, an all-male group that makes money by entertaining the girls of the school.
other:Kidnapped by guerrillas in Beirut, a French photojournalist refuses to yield his dignity despite being tortured and brainwashed by his captors.
documentary:In this documentary short, a diverse group of men and women discuss their personal journeys as they prepare for the U.S. citizenship test.
documentary:Picking up 40 years after six were convicted for two strange murders in Iceland, this chilling documentary proves confessions can’t always be trusted.
other:Australia's toughest big-rig drivers brave wildfires, scorching deserts, treacherous downpours and chassis-deep mud to deliver their cargo on time.
action:On an island of haves and have-nots, teen John B enlists his three best friends to hunt for a legendary treasure linked to his father's disappearance.
romance:This epic tale adapted from Diana Gabaldon's popular series of fantasy-romance novels focuses on the drama of two time-crossed lovers.
action:In 14th-century Scotland, Robert the Bruce claims the crown and leads a fierce uprising to win back the country's independence from English rule.
action:After a failed mission, an ex-Royal Marines Commando tries to overcome his demons while investigating the death of his ex-girlfriend's father.
drama:After serving time for a crime he didn’t commit, a 38-year-old man forms a complicated, life-altering bond with the woman who advocated for his early release.
action:In the near future, a drone pilot sent into a war zone finds himself paired with a top-secret android officer on a mission to stop a nuclear attack.
international:Down-and-out musician Bastian battles the blues as he returns home for Christmas and encounters a series of not-so-cheery surprises.
children:Fueled by memories of her mother, resourceful Fei Fei builds a rocket to the moon on a mission to prove the existence of a legendary moon goddess.
comedy:A mayoral candidate wins office, promising to turn a small province into its own country as a war and wacky events with his wife and advisors ensue.
action:While investigating a bank robbery, a squad of overweight police officers undergoes rigorous training to shed pounds.
comedy:Starting as a petty thief, a man rises to become one of the city's biggest operators and carves out the kind of lifestyle he'd once only dreamed of.
crime:A financial adviser drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder $500 million in five years to appease a drug boss.
horror:An orphan girl taught magic by her sick grandma must find work in seedy Bangkok, where unsavory characters run afoul of her increasingly dark powers.
comedy:A prostitute who is down on her luck gets caught in the middle of an elaborate scheme orchestrated by two local politicians.
children:P. King, the daring but hapless duck, teams up with best buddies Wombat and Chumpkins to find wacky and wild ways to solve their problems.
drama:When she loses her beloved husband to a brain tumor, grieving widow Holly Kennedy learns that he left a series of letters behind to help her cope.
action:Paan Singh Tomar goes from celebrated runner to star brigand and rebel when life after sports fails to unfold as planned.
children:A trio of sky-dwelling ghosts must travel to Earth to teach sinning humans a lesson, but they somehow manage to botch each well-intentioned mission.
drama:A face painter for Theyyam rituals who is himself disfigured conceals his guilt over the fact that he performs abortions as a medical practitioner.
international:At times dark, at times disturbing, four short films explore stories of those who dare to dream and desire — and those determined to stand in their way.
other:Equipped with crayons and his creativity, a boy with autism draws an imaginary world where his animal pals help him tackle real-life situations.
crime:From his days as a petty thief to becoming head of a drug-trafficking empire, this riveting series charts the life of the infamous Pablo Escobar.
documentary:This documentary traces the steps of druglord Pablo Escobar with vivid eyewitness accounts that reconstruct his bloody reign in Colombia.
children:Teenage Pac and his loyal crew face the ups and downs of adolescence while protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus.
other:When sinister Dr. Pacenstein schemes to swap bodies with Pac during a Halloween party, Spiral, Cyli and Count Pacula scramble to save their pal.
children:When a sacred statue is taken from his Andean village, a spirited boy who dreams of becoming a shaman goes on a brave mission to get it back.
crime:In this animated satire, a covert squad of operatives short on smarts but long on confidence tackles crime on the glitzy Gold Coast of Australia.
documentary:Four scientists offer a sweeping yet intimate exploration of Peru's majestic coastline by land, sea and air.
drama:Despite public humiliation and resistance, an entrepreneur markets a hygienic, low-cost sanitary pad that even India's poorest women can afford.
international:The son of poor farmers leaves his village to seek his fortune in Kuala Lumpur, where he meets a young woman who's also trying to better her life.
comedy:After he's diagnosed with terminal cancer, middle-aged Michael asks his neighbor friend Andy to help him end his life before the disease does.
horror:After ignoring superstitions, a group of teenagers find themselves in a fight for their lives when they are haunted — and hunted — by an evil spirit.
drama:In the underbelly of a Delhi neighborhood, a woman’s search for her missing lover collides with drugs, death and a coach grappling with his demons.
drama:Traditional Indian folklore comes alive in this charming film based on a story by Statwart Vijaydan Detha.
comedy:Fleeing unrest in their native Nepal, three young siblings separated from their parents must beat the odds to survive on their own in India.
action:When profit-seekers threaten to take over a bar in a tourist town, local martial artists put their skills to the test and fight back.
action:This fictionalized account of three real-life notorious Harlem drug dealers is told in flashbacks as they plunge into the world of hustling.
drama:In the wake of a young artist’s suicide, his pianist mother and his despairing girlfriend square off in a living nightmare beset by guilt and blame.
drama:In this dramatized rendition, students undergo rigorous study at Master Yu's Peking Opera school, a cradle for future Hong Kong film stars.
children:From the comfort of their bedroom, the Pajanimals puppets explore a larger world through imaginary adventures, accompanied by friendships and songs.
international:This reality series follows entrepreneur and soap opera star Roberto Palazuelos as he builds his hotel empire and juggles riches, women and drama.
drama:A pair of petty criminals from different backgrounds get tangled up in a gangster's kidnapping scheme that goes awry.
documentary:In this documentary, a centuries-old horse race in the city of Siena, Italy, is the forum for a showdown between a young jockey and his former mentor.
drama:Finding a tantalizing clue in an old letter, a young woman journeys to her family's tropical plantation to uncover generations of secrets.
drama:Young Ofelia meets a mythical faun who claims she is destined to become princess of the Underworld. But first she must carry out three perilous tasks.
documentary:In this docuseries, meet the heroes on the front lines of the battle against influenza and learn about their efforts to stop the next global outbreak.
action:Looking for a way out of his impoverished life, a lowly hotel waiter joins an underground fight club. Then he needs a way out of that.
drama:When an earthquake hits a Korean village housing a run-down nuclear power plant, a man risks his life to save the country from imminent disaster.
other:A woman and her daughter are caught in a game of cat-and-mouse with burglars in their New York City home and are forced to retreat inside a vault.
drama:In 18th-century India, a Maratha commander leads his army in preparation for a fierce battle against Afghan invaders in this film based on real events.
documentary:This documentary dissects Lebanon's present-day paradoxes stemming from years of conflict as the director attempts to reconcile with her nation's past.
children:Jealous girlfriends and aliens are just some of the things Jack lied about to become popular. Now the lies are coming to life and ruining everything.
comedy:After witnessing a murder, a meek family man must summon his courage when he finds himself on the wrong side of a notorious gangster.
drama:A young newlywed tries to keep her relationship afloat after developing feelings for her older, TV writer boss.
children:Stan and Olivia – the amazingly different Paprika twins – use their boundless enthusiasm to turn everyday life into an extraordinary adventure.
international:One of Spain's best talent agents in the '90s, Paquita now finds herself searching desperately for new stars after suddenly losing her biggest client.
action:Mehdi gets out of prison, planning to settle old scores. But first, he must reconnect with his gang, now living in an idyllic beach resort in Thailand.
drama:A cop moonlights as the bodyguard for a young drag queen at a nightclub, and grows closer to the family of misfit singers that perform there.
comedy:An eager young rookie joins the ragtag small-town police force led by his dad as they bumble, squabble and snort their way through a big drug case.
drama:Neil Young and his band of outlaws sow seeds of strange mischief and musical wonder under Western skies in this dreamlike film by Daryl Hannah.
other:When a woman is brutally murdered on a playground, a group of detectives find themselves drawn into a dark conspiracy as they search for the killer.
international:After a skeptical hematologist is plunged into a series of inexplicable events, he unwillingly becomes the go-to-guy for paranormal investigations.
horror:When Katie and Micah fear their home may be haunted by a demonic presence, Micah sets up a video camera to document all the action.
horror:When a young man becomes possessed after playing a Ouija game, a ghost hunter investigates the evil spirit dwelling within him.
documentary:In interviews and reenactments, ordinary people relive their terrifying encounters with unwelcome guests from beyond the world of the living.
children:When an army of zombies invades a small town, it's up to an odd local boy with a knack for communicating with the dead to save the day.
anime:A teenager battles an onslaught of parasites from space with help from Migi, a docile parasitic creature that's taken over his right hand.
documentary:The spotlight's on Parchís, a record company-created Spanish boy/girl band that had unprecedented success with Top 10 songs and hit films in the '80s.
drama:Prompted by loyalty, Arjun plays matchmaker between his philandering foster brother and a conservative girl but winds up falling in love himself.
drama:As the parents of three unmarried daughters, a humble cook and his wife contend with the challenges of matchmaking and social expectations.
horror:When their daughter exhibits strange behavior after moving into their new home, a couple must come to terms with who she really is.
other:"This Sundance prize-winning documentary is an intimate portrait of 1980s Harlem drag balls: a world of fierce competition, sustenance, and survival."
drama:Amid a turbulent romance and rising tensions in Paris, a young woman finds herself caught in a dizzying spiral of dreams, memories and what-ifs.
comedy:Korea’s beloved comedian and favorite big sister figure talks sex, relationships and celebrity life. And she’s sassier and dirtier than ever before.
comedy:In this Emmy-nominated comedy, an employee with a rural Parks and Recreation department is full of energy and ideas but bogged down by bureaucracy.
drama:A dedicated government official puts his career in jeopardy by insisting that India become a nuclear power, a goal that powerful forces resist.
comedy:Presented by Steve Martin, this anthology draws from “Flying Circus” and “Fliegender Zirkus” to mark the 20th anniversary of the TV series.
international:"After taking a break from the business, a music producer returns with a new project in mind: launching a co-ed pop idol group."
comedy:In the probing documentary Party Monster, DJ Fingablast investigates what became of his childhood hero, DJ Slizzard.
international:Three brothers seek to avenge the tragic death of a loved one, but become emotionally entangled with the daughters of those they hold responsible.
action:Naval unit PASKAL is among the most elite special forces in Malaysia. But all bets are off when one of its own stages a hijacking. Based on true events.
action:Air marshal John Cutter must stop notorious terrorist Charles Rane from killing hostages on board a flight that should have delivered Rane to jail.
international:From delicious delicacies to dream destinations, this collection features vibrant stories on cultural trends across food, fashion and travel in India.
children:For Como and his friends, each new adventure is a lesson on why it's important to be considerate — and to take care of one another!
drama:A talented young Indian cricket player must defy his father's wishes to play for the side of England, a rebellion his siblings quietly cheer.
documentary:A surgeon claims to remove high tech microchips that aliens used to manipulate the human race. This documentary seeks to separate fact from fiction.
documentary:Paco Ignacio Taibo II brings his book trilogy to life, highlighting Mexico's history in 1854-1867, a period he considers foundational to the country.
comedy:When a schoolteacher inherits an adorable pug, she has to find a way to take care of it while dealing with her flatlining love life.
comedy:Every Sunday, Hasan Minhaj brings an incisive and nuanced perspective to global news, politics and culture in his unique comedy series.
action:CIA desk jockey Jack Ryan plunges into the heart of international terrorism after spoiling an assassination attempt on a British royal family member.
comedy:Sent to a remote village to write a screenplay, Sinan finds inspiration to spare in colorful locals, farcical misadventures and the craziness of love.
comedy:By turns scathing and candid, Patton Oswalt reflects on the glut of comic material in the Trump era and the dark days following a personal tragedy.
comedy:Turning 50. Finding love again. Buying a house. Experiencing existential dread at Denny's. Life comes at Patton Oswalt fast in this stand-up special.
comedy:On stage in San Francisco, the comedian covers topics like old people getting drugs, his worst stand-up set, gay proms and a horrible birthday clown.
action:An overzealous security guard finds himself in over his head when he tries to thwart a criminal mastermind's plot to rob an entire shopping mall.
other:Gear up for a fast-paced journey as celebrity chef and avid auto enthusiast Paul Hollywood takes in the cars and culture of France, Italy and Germany.
drama:A wealthy businessman's miserly habits cause no small amount of stress and embarrassment to his family, particularly his daughter.
other:Father Richard Harrison, son Rick and grandson Corey appraise an array of strange objects brought into their Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas.
comedy:After an expensive night out, two flatmates get tangled in an overnight misadventure to recover their rent money to pay their dead landlord's daughter.
comedy:Desperate for a place to live, twentysomething bachelors Parikshit, Jayesh, Parag and Bhavesh finally locate a house to rent, only to learn that the landlords will consider married applicants only.
comedy:Complications around the cremation of their deceased friend inspire three septuagenarian friends to build their own mortuary.
other:A notorious gang in 1919 Birmingham, England, is led by the fierce Tommy Shelby, a crime boss set on moving up in the world no matter the cost.
international:In feudalistic Lebanon, farmers revolt against the nobility under the leadership of a revolutionary figure who champions the oppressed.
documentary:Over the course of one memorable and adventure-filled year, Felix Starck documents his 18,000-kilometer bicycle journey across 22 countries.
comedy:Mak's friends just want to protect him, but his wife Nak won't let a small thing like her own death get in the way of true love in this horror-comedy.
children:A chance encounter with a mysterious stranger (Joe Manganiello) points Pee-wee toward his destiny – and his first-ever holiday!
other:Pee-wee Herman brings his stage show to the masses with this innovative live-action kids series that invites viewers into his quirky, childlike world.
other:Amid an avalanche of stars, Pee-wee straps on his ice skates and glides into the holiday season with Christmas cards, carols ... and Charo.
comedy:Two indigent farmers consider suicide so that their families can collect a government subsidy that's paid to the relatives of deceased farmers.
comedy:After a five-year suspension, a once-legendary race car driver decides to get back in the game against a new generation of opponents.
comedy:An ex-movie extra plans to win his wife back by making a fantasy film, but neither he nor his crew has a knack for filmmaking.
drama:Desperate to escape her tyrannical father, a rebellious teen befriends a deaf drug pusher who's saving up his money for cochlear implants.
drama:At a Lucknow college, an aspiring football player’s dream of playing nationally is threatened when he faces discrimination for his Manipuri background.
comedy:Convinced Mexico will lose the World Cup qualifier without him, a soccer superfan faces an impossible choice when family obligations stand in his way.
children:In this modern fairy tale, a young woman cursed with the nose of a pig lives her life in seclusion – until an unlikely beau stumbles onto the scene.
children:Elite penguin spies Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with the suave agents of the North Wind to defeat power-mad genius Octavius Brine.
drama:The classic tales of Dracula, Frankenstein, Dorian Gray and more are woven together in this horror series set on the dark streets of Victorian London.
other:Spinning old-school beats is just another day at the office for the naive DJs of a pirate radio station who juggle family life with their passion.
drama:The lives of several friends are thrown into chaos when a woman becomes pregnant by her husband's gay best friend after a drunken one-night stand.
action:After her family is murdered, a mild-mannered mom remakes herself into a badass vigilante in order to exact violent justice.
documentary:It's a country steeped in cultural traditions that stretch back more than 1,000 years. But Peru is also a land of surprising natural riches.
drama:A policewoman whose childhood friend disappeared in Patagonia years ago starts a new search to find answers, and soon finds her own life in danger.
documentary:A Price Is Right superfan brings a bit of scandal to the long-running show by figuring out the answers to the questions before they're asked.
other:Ro risks her life to discover the identity of a stranger lurking on the Internet who might hold the answers to her friend's murder.
crime:When a singer is found murdered, with her scent glands excised from her body, detectives probe a group of friends who attended boarding school with her.
documentary:In rural India, where the stigma of menstruation persists, women make low-cost sanitary pads on a new machine and stride toward financial independence.
crime:Ex-CIA agent John Reese and enigmatic billionaire Mr. Finch use software that can predict future events to prevent violent crimes before they occur.
international:An exploration of different personas in an eclectic collection of four works by critically acclaimed Korean directors.
drama:A psychic medium takes a job as personal shopper for a spoiled celebrity in order to contact the spirit of her brother, who owned her employer's home.
comedy:Comedian and SNL star Pete Davidson drops a candid and intimate stand-up special shot live in New York City.
documentary:His hilltop farm in Vermont may be bucolic, but making ends meet is a backbreaking challenge for grizzled, hard-drinking organic farmer Peter Dunning.
children:In this mix of live action and CGI, rascally Peter Rabbit faces a tough new foe in his ongoing battle for the veggies in Mr. McGregor's garden.
children:A street-smart dog and a pampered cat join forces to lead a pack of unlikely heroes when their city is seized by its evil mayor — and his robot army.
action:An affable, newly appointed college warden proves to be no ordinary man when an old enemy resurfaces and exposes his complicated, violent past.
action:An affable, newly appointed college warden proves to be no ordinary man when an old enemy resurfaces and exposes his complicated, violent past.
children:Christmas is just around the corner, but Pettersson and Findus are worried the snowy weather (and lack of a tree) may keep them from celebrating.
drama:India's highlands descend into bullet-riddled mayhem as the longtime rivalries and ruthless revenge missions among four men come to a head.
action:India's primary intelligence agency sends an enigmatic operative on a top-secret mission to avenge the 11/26 terrorist attack on Mumbai.
action:A boy whose illness allows him to float outside his body uses his newfound skill to help a cop take on a madman who's terrorizing New York City.
other:Philadelphia attorney Andrew Beckett launches a wrongful termination suit against his law firm when they fire him because he's gay and HIV-positive.
comedy:In this Bollywood entertainment, two journalists, Ajay and Ria, work for rival TV stations and compete heavily to mask their feelings for each other.
comedy:Driven by greed, three rich friends seek to double their wealth and find themselves indebted to a ruthless gangster.
international:The paths of a man and a woman, who have both been recently divorced from their spouses, intersect at an art exhibition in London.
horror:From disfiguring punishments to festering souls, Thai horror masters present five supernatural tales of karma in this sequel to the 4bia anthology.
comedy:A fashion designer and an arrogant businessman reluctantly try to help each other after accidentally swapping phones in the airport.
comedy:Posing as her bubbly identical twin for a quiz contest, a shy student crushes on a fellow participant, who falls for her — thinking she’s her sister.
drama:Struck by the lack of clean resources for menstruating women in his village, a jobless loafer braves social stigmas to create low-cost sanitary napkins.
children:Five Labrador puppies embark on a 20-month training to pass the milestones on their journey to becoming guide dogs for people with visual impairment.
drama:Aspiring teen thieves learn what it takes to be successful pickpockets on the streets of Bogotá from a master in the arts of trickery and deception.
drama:A heartbreaking home birth leaves a woman grappling with the profound emotional fallout, isolated from her partner and family by a chasm of grief.
drama:A family man plots to kill a spellbinding sex worker but ends up in a psychosexual exercise to outwit his twisted target.
romance:In the midst of ann arduous divorce battle, a real estate tycoon opts for a life of partying and sex until feelings for his childhood friend surface.
drama:A two-year-old must fend for herself when her mother suddenly passes away while her father is gone for a conference, leaving her prone to danger.
international:As turmoil looms in the Martial World, and the Eight Wonders of the Evil Dragon unleashes dark forces, who will emerge as the new warrior legend?
drama:As a lonely widower prepares to leave India to live with his children in America, he looks back on past memories and unfinished business.
international:At top-secret U.S.-Australian joint defense facility Pine Gap, fissures appear in the critical alliance as spies work with, and against, each other.
action:After witnessing a murder, a perpetually stoned process server and his good-natured dealer go on the run from a drug lord who's out to kill them.
drama:A sexual assault victim, unjustly tried for the attempted murder of her attacker, is defended by a retired lawyer who challenges India's rape culture.
children:Joined by new friends from other planets, Pinkfong and Baby Shark explore outer space and search for missing star pieces to return home.
children:Pinky Malinky sees the bright side of everything, including being born a hot dog. With his BFFs in tow, this little wiener takes a bite out of life.
drama:When a guileless young woman becomes the domestic worker in a wealthy Dubai household, her bond with her posh employer changes both of their lives.
other:This newly preserved collection features more than 20 films made by groundbreaking African American directors for black audiences from 1915 to 1946.
other:This collection restores films from women who tackled hot-button issues, transcended norms, and left a mark on the history of cinema and the industry.
drama:Thakur Avadh is an evil landlord in a remote village who rules with an iron fist. His two sons live a debauched life, knowing that their father will bail them out of any scrape.
horror:A pizza delivery boy who doesn't believe in the supernatural is forced to confront his convictions after being trapped in a house on his route.
drama:A group of hardscrabble young thieves in Argentina decide to leave their boss and plan heists on their own.
children:Three 6-year-old kids who live normal lives during the day become superheroes at night, fighting crime as a team known as PJ Masks.
comedy:Aamir Khan teams with director Rajkumar Hirani to play a social crusader in a political satire on the state of corruption in India.
drama:When a Paris-based writer with AIDS meets a college student exploring his sexuality, romance blossoms in his waning days.
children:After landing on a planet reminiscent of 1950s suburbia, a human astronaut tries to avoid capture, recover his spaceship and make it home safely.
other:In this sequel to the Emmy-winning Planet Earth series, viewers are treated to rich and intimate views of the natural diversity of our planet.
other:This landmark series transports nature lovers from the Himalayan Mountains to the depths of the ocean and everywhere in between.
action:When Earth's superheroes exile the volatile Incredible Hulk to a distant planet called Sakaar, the muscle-bound green monster is sold into slavery.
drama:In pre-World War II France, two sisters purport to be able to communicate with the dead and soon catch the eye of an ambitious filmmaker.
action:A soldier grows disillusioned as he's caught between rival sergeants in this semi-autobiographical Vietnam War drama from writer-director Oliver Stone.
action:Learning of a fortune in gold being secretly shipped to Romania, master thieves Charlie and Riya assemble a crack team to steal it.
comedy:A washed-up, former soccer star attempts to rebuild his relationship with his son and ex-wife by coaching his son's soccer team.
drama:Captured by Nazis and sent to Auschwitz, a Jewish musician is assigned to soothe other prisoners marching to their deaths in the gas chambers.
documentary:Step inside the Ubisoft offices, and follow designer Jason VandenBerghe's fight to create the video game For Honor over four years.
international:Three prosperous women – including a mother and her daughter – fall for a seductive man in Colombia's Coffee Triangle.
international:French rap duo PNL deliver hypnotic visuals and perform popular tracks from their album Dans la légende and more at the Bercy Arena in Paris.
drama:A daring farmer steals illicit ivory from a group of international terrorists and must elude their dangerous and deadly games.
children:Discovery is the name of the game for friendly toddler Pocoyo in this lifelike and richly colored animated adventure series for preschoolers.
other:Pocoyo gears up for exciting car races and learns that friends, teamwork and imagination are what matter the most.
other:Acrobatic aliens arrive on spaceships and perform for everyone, but when angry aliens arrive as well, Pocoyo and his friends must now put on a show.
other:To celebrate the carnival, everyone learns to dance to different music. Plus, Pocoyo's friends surprise him with something delicious.
other:Pocoyo and his friends have a costume contest to celebrate Halloween and learn new things about planets and stars in space.
other:Pocoyo finds a special toy and plays new games with his friends, then they’re spooked by a scary box and try to find out who’s inside.
other:Everyone is getting excited for the games. Pocoyo plays baseball and golf, and races with his friends. Ready, set, go!
action:To save his pregnant wife, an emergency room nurse unwillingly partners with an injured murder suspect in a race against time and renegade cops.
anime:Young trainer Ash and his new friend Goh become research fellows at Professor Cerise's laboratory, traveling all over the world to learn about Pokémon.
anime:When Ash tries to pick his first Pokémon on his birthday, he ends up with a stubborn Pikachu and they embark on a journey to find the legendary Ho-Oh.
anime:Ash and Pikachu journey to Fula City for its Wind Festival. When disaster looms, they must work together with a group of misfits to save the day!
anime:Ash and his Pikachu travel to the Alola region with his mother and enroll in the Pokémon school, where they confront the nefarious Team Skull.
anime:"Explore the world of Pokémon with 10-year-old Ash Ketchum and his partner, Pikachu, as they aim for Ash's ultimate goal: becoming a Pokémon master."
anime:After accepting an invitation from a mysterious trainer, Ash, Misty and Brock meet Mewtwo, an artificially created Pokémon who wants to do battle.
action:An assassin on the verge of retirement must put the good life on hold when his greedy boss sends a squad of young, ruthless killers to take him out.
horror:A teen's discovery of a vintage Polaroid camera develops into a darker tale when she finds that whoever takes their photo with it dies soon afterward.
children:After uncovering a magical locket that allows her to shrink in size, Polly and her friends set out on big adventures with petite power.
children:A young horse enthusiast teams up with her best friends to rescue and rehabilitate animals on her family's beloved ranch.
comedy:When a woman arrives in Mumbai and hires three spirited boys to care for her estate, she discovers they're more trustworthy than her family members.
anime:This animated adaptation of the quirky four-panel comic brings the random exploits of Popuko and Pipimi to life.
drama:An ambitious hip-hop dancer jeopardizes his rising career when his affections for an ominous producer's wife threatens to stomp out all of his success.
documentary:Documentary filmmaker Wim Wenders travels the world with Pope Francis, recording the controversial pontiff's humanist views in a sharply divided age.
action:During a storm that wrecks his ship, super-strong sailor Popeye washes ashore and winds up rooming at the Oyl household, where he meets Olive.
children:The adorable Best Popple Pals love helping their friends and neighbors, but every time they do it seems to backfire in hilarious ways.
children:On a tiny island, Pororo the penguin has fun adventures with his friends Eddy the fox, Loopy the beaver, Poby the polar bear and Crong the dinosaur.
comedy:Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein send up the residents of Portland, Ore. Typical targets include artisanal light bulbs and feminist bookstores.
drama:In a coastal Portuguese city, an erotic encounter ensues between an American expat and a French student, resonating through their lives years later.
drama:In 1987 New York, LGBTQ ball fixture Blanca starts her own house, soon becoming mother to a gifted dancer and a sex worker in love with a yuppie client.
action:A tidal wave spells disaster for a ship of New Year's Eve revelers when it capsizes the mammoth vessel, sending passengers into a battle for survival.
drama:A student diver risks her scholastic future and relationship with her father when she dates a moody transfer student consumed by their romance.
comedy:In a town infamous for female infanticide, a young woman’s arrival has local bachelors vying for her hand in marriage — but she has a bigger agenda.
crime:A reluctant clairvoyant joins forces with a brusque police detective hiding a soft heart to help him solve criminal cases using her psychic abilities.
drama:After being recruited to be a raconteur in London, a handsome teenager discovers he suffers from a rare condition where he faints upon seeing fine art.
comedy:Three men are stunned to find their faces on a poster promoting vasectomies, and must prove to their upset loved ones that they're innocent victims.
comedy:A divorced couple decides to continue sharing a home but their already-delicate cohabiting scheme unravels when they begin dating other people.
comedy:A man's drunken romp in a gorilla suit gets him mistaken for Bigfoot, drawing media attention and tourist dollars to his struggling small town.
crime:Two men who grew up in Mumbai's slums are drawn into the city's brutal narcotics trade, where they fight on opposite sides of the law.
children:Jino and his Watch Car, Bluewill, compete in the Battle League to become world champions. Meanwhile, a dark force threatens to destroy them all.
drama:Retired, restless and constantly butting heads with his son, a former stuntman escapes on a road trip that becomes a journey to find his first love.
children:A kid transforms into an action figure-sized superhero and teams with his toys in a fight against a villainous robot to save the world.
children:A new breed of secret agents must stop a ruthless computer virus and its minions from stealing the unlimited clean energy source that created them.
children:In the time of dinosaurs, the ancient and powerful Energems were lost on Earth, and now the evil bounty hunter Sledge has returned to find them.
children:Just when you thought the Rangers' mission was accomplished there's an even more difficult challenge for them to face with the arrival of a new enemy.
children:Dr. Tommy Oliver returns when his students discover the Dino Gems that morph them into the Dino Power Rangers, enabling them to stop the evil Mesogog.
children:With the Power Chamber destroyed, former Turbo Power Rangers T.J., Cassie, Carlos and Ashley search for Zordon, who's been abducted by Dark Specter.
children:The Power Rangers travel to California in search of their new master and find him running a pizza parlor – so they join the staff to be trained.
children:As demons rumble from their graves beneath Mariner Bay, a government organization called Lightspeed recruits five civilians to defend the city.
children:Five teenagers, transformed by the mystical powers of the Quasar Sabers into the Galaxy Power Rangers, battle the evil Scorpius and Captain Mutiny.
children:When the wicked Undead Army is unleashed, sorceress Udonna empowers five teenagers – the Mystic Force Power Rangers – to save mankind.
children:A new generation of teen heroes uses superhuman ninja powers to battle the intergalactic villain Galvanax and save Earth from destruction.
children:When the elite warriors from the Wind Ninja Academy are captured by the evil Lothor, Shane, Tori and Waldo become Wind Power Rangers to fight back.
children:To keep powerful jewels from falling into the hands of two wicked brothers, five young Power Rangers set out on a dangerous global adventure.
children:The Power Rangers' new member, Dillon, isn't sure he wants to be on the team until he has a dream that sets the Rangers into action.
children:When the Troobian Empire attacks Earth, the B-Squad Power Rangers Space Patrol Delta morphs into action to squash the alien threat and save the world.
children:A new generation of Power Rangers must master the Symbols of Samurai Power, which give them control over the Earth's elements to battle dark forces.
other:On Christmas Eve, as the teens at Shiba House reflect on their first year together, they get an unexpected lesson on the true spirit of the holidays.
children:The Samurai Rangers team up with the RPM Ranger Red to fight off Master Xandred's Mooger army and a robotic villain from the RPM Ranger's dimension.
other:On Halloween night, the creepiest creatures from the Netherworld trade war stories about their battles with the Samurai Power Rangers.
children:Armed with a key that allows them to morph into any team of Legendary Rangers from the past, the Super Megaforce Rangers fight ruthless Prince Vekar.
other:New footage augments the tale of the Rangers, who give their all to save Earth from Vrak and Emperor Mavro, as the Armada stages an epic final attack.
children:The Samurai Power Rangers continue their battle against the evil Master Xandred, who has now joined forces with the malevolent Serrator.
children:The Samurai Rangers get stuck in the Megazord's cockpit on Christmas Eve when it breaks down. Can the Rangers get out in time for Christmas?
other:When a Nighlok invades the Samurai Rangers' dreams and turns them into nightmares, the Rangers must figure out what is reality and what is illusion.
children:The team launches a new campaign against evil in the year 3000, when the imprisoned criminal mastermind Ransik is freed by his daughter.
children:The Rangers use high-tech battle cars to take on Queen Divatox and her Divazords, who mount an attack on the Rangers' beloved Angel Grove.
children:Raised in the wilderness, young Cole Evans leads the Wild Force Power Rangers as they summon their animal powers to battle the evil Master Org.
children:This Mighty Morphin Power Rangers spinoff finds Tommy and the gang battling new enemies, using abilities acquired from the Zeo Crystal.
children:When Earth is threatened by a massive alien invasion, the planet's supernatural guardian calls upon five teenagers to form the ultimate defense team.
children:On Halloween, the scariest night of the year, the Rangers have a strange encounter with a mysterious medium who conjures visions of monsters past.
children:Robo Knight learns the meaning of Christmas from a group of children when he is mistaken for a donated Christmas toy and is shipped to a foreign land.
drama:The chaotic ramblings of a young architect's mind take hold of his life as he leaves behind his past in India to work in Prague.
action:Aspiring to fulfill his father’s dream and become a civil services officer, a young man loses his way upon becoming entangled with a criminal lynchpin.
other:Monstrous frights meet hilarious reveals on this hidden-camera prank show as real people become the stars of their own full-blown horror movie.
other:Frank Capra's documentary chronicles the rise of authoritarianism in Germany, Italy and Japan as America prepares for a defense of liberty.
action:While recovering from an assassination attempt four days prior to his coronation, a stern prince is replaced by a joyful and generous doppelgänger.
international:A man and a woman struggling to keep their respective marriages afloat run into each other at a marriage counselor's office, with unexpected results.
documentary:A documentarian uses his own family's experiences as a springboard to explore the ethical issues surrounding the FDA and pharmaceutical industry.
international:An ambitious, talented politician embarks on an intense journey toward winning the presidency while juggling his complicated family affairs.
documentary:Wander the New York City streets and fascinating mind of wry writer, humorist and raconteur Fran Lebowitz as she sits down with Martin Scorsese.
other:When a self-help writer's advice goes wrong, she finds herself in the crosshairs of an obsessive young woman with a thirst for vengeance.
international:Doomed by misunderstandings, two middle-school classmates miss their shot at love – but a twist of fate brings them together years later.
comedy:A farm boy and a greaser pluck at the heartstrings of their town's most beloved daughter while her mom faces old feelings when a pop star comes home.
drama:When a blood-spattered altar boy is found running from a murder scene, his conviction seems certain – but his attorney is determined to win the case.
drama:To better himself, a spoiled prince temporarily assumes a commoner’s identity. But he soon learns his palace has been gifted to his father’s new wife.
comedy:Two young buddies seek love in Hawaii, and upon returning home in disappointment, soon entangle themselves in a messy identity swap.
children:A prince and a commoner who are best friends keep having to thwart the plots of the prince's scheming, ambitious minister.
children:A prankster prince who wants to experience life as an ordinary teen leaves his kingdom to live incognito with a single mom and her studious son.
children:Teddy's never missed the Festival of Lights, but the bowling alley’s been snowed in! Not to worry – Emil insists the Christmas moose will save the day.
drama:A teenager moves to Chicago for the summer and finds a poignant mentor in her aunt and a sweet love interest in a girl who works in the neighborhood.
documentary:This award-winning, original documentary chronicles the race for market leadership in 3D printing, the next wave of technological evolution.
international:With his major league baseball debut right around the corner, a star pitcher lands in prison and must learn to navigate his new world.
comedy:Struggling to conceive, a couple in their 40s are almost out of options – until a sliver of hope arrives in the form of their visiting step-niece.
crime:In a world where data is no longer private, con artists uncover a sinister surveillance scheme headed by the government and a greedy corporation.
comedy:At Oceanside Wellness Center, Dr. Addison Montgomery deals with competing personalities in the new world of holistic medicine.
comedy:A college grad in need of money must disguise himself as an old man to tutor two young women who are under the watchful eye of their strict aunt.
comedy:When a confident college professor is courted by four eligible and well-established men, she struggles to decide who she likes the best.
crime:Ken Burns's documentary traces the passage of the 18th Amendment, the social and legal effects of prohibiting alcohol, and the repeal of Prohibition.
drama:After his son’s suicide, a debt-ridden farmer seeks justice from the government. But as his pleas are mocked and rebuffed, his own will to live erodes.
children:Teenage spy McKeyla teams up with three other super-smart girls to become secret agents who use their science and tech skills to save the day.
drama:When a busy entrepreneur pauses her career to spend time with her aging father, both learn valuable lessons on happiness, love and living in the moment.
action:An ex-soldier, a teen and a cop collide in New Orleans as they hunt for the source behind a dangerous new pill that grants users temporary superpowers.
international:Sports and friendship intertwine in tales of a volleyball team, an autistic badminton player, a skateboarder with depression and an archery-club crush.
horror:On prom night, a high school senior still struggling with her nightmare past tries to evade a killer bent on ending the party for her and her friends.
documentary:A gripping profile of Ben Ferencz, the last surviving lead prosecutor at the Nuremberg trials whose lifelong desire for justice altered the rule of law.
other:A father and daughter travel to an alien moon in search of a valuable gem but are forced to alter their plans when a nefarious outlaw gets involved.
international:A Spanish con man masquerades as a therapist and starts leading group sessions in Argentina for a crew of gullible misfits.
horror:As a visually impaired man attempts to rescue his love interest from a serial killer, the dark story behind the murderer’s disturbing psyche emerges.
action:Suddenly possessed with supernatural powers, a father sets out to help his estranged daughter, who's at risk of losing everything she's lived for.
children:Faced with a threat to the survival of her family restaurant, as well as a rival for Garu's heart, Pucca fights for all that she loves.
anime:One day, Madoka Kaname has a very magical encounter, one that can change her destiny. This is the beginning of the new story of magical witch girls.
crime:A determined woman works to rid an Argentine soccer club of the violent crime and corruption surrounding its intense fanbase.
comedy:New York police detectives Luis and Eddie experience culture shock and adventure when they head to Paris to track down a stolen couture handbag.
children:Life is sweet on beautiful Puffin Rock, where puffling Oona, her baby brother Baba and their pals learn about nature, friendship and family.
action:A notorious terrorist manipulates an Indian army major's jilted lover into helping him obtain a classified military code.
action:Thom tells her grandson about his grandfather, a sailor who left 61 years ago to seek his fortune, and asks him to find out what happened to her spouse.
other:This stylized crime caper weaves together stories featuring a burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner and a washed-up boxer.
drama:During a time of political turmoil, a mother goes on a journey in search of her missing son, who has been misjudged and labeled a terrorist.
children:Furry friends take a re-bark-able journey in this series about an extraordinary school for the cutest, cuddliest and most curious puppies.
children:After a singing pup with big dreams of stardom gets dognapped and escapes with a friend's help, her journey home is a fun, music-filled adventure.
children:Returning Pup Star champ Tiny has her Yorkie paws full after an evil rival replaces her with street dog Scrappy during the national competition.
children:Talented pooches from around the world compete to be the next Pup Star, but behind-the-scenes schemes threaten to ruin the fun.
children:A new pack of Pup Star pooches stumbles upon a rival team’s plan to ruin Christmas, then ends up at the North Pole to try and save the holiday spirit.
international:An aspiring music director begins to receive voyeuristic footage of his girlfriend from her apparent stalker as tragedy strikes those around him.
action:In this remake of a 1996 Danish thriller, a drug pusher incurs his suppliers' wrath when he gets busted and is left without the money he owes.
children:After tumbling into a magic storybook, Puss in Boots must fight, dance and romance his way through wild adventures as he searches for an escape.
children:"The fabled feline heads to the Land of Giants with friends Humpty Dumpty and Kitty Softpaws on a quest to nab its greatest treasure: the Golden Goose."
international:On the cusp of graduation, an accounting major searching for her career winds up living with a genius physics student who shakes up her daily routine.
comedy:Matters of the heart introduce chaos into the once-idyllic bachelor existence of three young men who share an apartment.
comedy:Three young bachelors find the reality of relationships to be far removed from the idea of true romance that they had once pursued.
comedy:A commitment-phobe agrees to marry his girlfriend, setting in motion a series of hilarious mishaps that has him questioning what he got himself into.
international:From teen lovers defying social and religious taboos to a student falling for her teacher, these stories explore joy and heartache in modern romance.
drama:Twins separated by a court order meet at camp and decide to reunite their parents, unaware of the dark secret that drove them apart years before.
documentary:At San Quentin State Prison, hardened convicts take their shots at redemption while navigating personal struggles by bonding through basketball.
comedy:After reluctantly joining a dating app, a 35-year-old widow accompanies an easygoing poet on a trip to visit three of his exes.
documentary:This riveting series follows three star high school quarterbacks as they play their final season before moving on to Division I college football.
drama:When an abusive landowner is murdered, his twin brother sets out to find the killer but quickly discovers that everyone, it seems, wanted him dead.
international:During the Warring States period, Qin state ruler Duke Xiao recruits statesman Shang Yang to help enact bold reforms that transform western China.
drama:A young villager moves to Chandigarh and falls for his bubbly neighbor, but their love story is affected by several heartbreaking twists of fate.
other:Seven priests. Six realms. One destiny. Begin an immersive audiovisual hardstyle trip into the mystical world of Qlimax — and become one with the sound.
international:Javier is happily in love with Sofia, so when she breaks up their perfect life, he has to get her back – or maybe try finding a new perfect love.
crime:When evidence in a deadly terrorist attack implicates FBI trainee Alex Parrish, she must discover which one of her classmates framed her.
action:Picking up an hour after the events of 2006's Casino Royale, this James Bond adventure finds 007 tracking a traitor who's infiltrated Britain's MI6.
comedy:A trio of retired opera singers' annual celebration of Verdi's birthday sours when their estranged fourth member shows up but refuses to sing.
comedy:Dumped by her fiancé, a sheltered young woman decides to go on her honeymoon to Europe alone, embarking on an exhilarating journey of self-discovery.
international:Sparks begin to fly when a successful 33-year-old single woman and a 25-year-old romantic with few prospects navigate love and differences.
drama:Driven beyond the bounds of convention, adventurer Gertrude Bell leaves turn-of-the-century Britain behind for the deserts of the Middle East.
crime:Forced to work for a cartel that recently killed her boyfriend, Teresa relies on her street smarts, a loyal pal and a mysterious notebook to survive.
international:South African spy Queen Sono finds herself in a nefarious web of business and politics as she seeks to uncover the truth behind her mother's death.
international:Eight women perform in front of celebrity judges and compete for the title of India’s top female stand-up comedian.
comedy:No ism is left unturned in this celebrity game show that battles stereotypes and sexism by pitting male and female comedians against each other.
other:An all-new “Fab Five” advise men on fashion, grooming, food, culture and design in this modern reboot of the Emmy Award-winning reality series.
international:The Fab Five touch down in Tokyo to spread the joy, explore the culture, and help four Japanese men and women find the confidence to be themselves.
drama:When a near-drowning leaves a famous singer from the '90s with amnesia, she hires a karaoke singer who can imitate her to prep her for a comeback tour.
crime:After a tragedy at a school sends shock waves through a wealthy Stockholm suburb, a seemingly well-adjusted teen finds herself on trial for murder.
drama:When high school football coach Charlie Wedemeyer is diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, he perseveres in leading his team despite becoming disabled.
action:After traveling to Australia for a job, a sharpshooting cowboy becomes a target himself when he refuses an immoral assignment from a corrupt landowner.
documentary:This documentary profiles music and culture icon Quincy Jones, offering unprecedented access to his private life and stories from his unparalleled career.
children:Shrunk down in size, Como and his friends examine the wonder-filled world around them one item at a time, from foods to household goods.
action:Things look up for a Chennai man struggling to make ends meet when he falls for a politician’s daughter – until he gets entangled in a murder case.
children:After discovering a pair of young ghosts, a nebbish 11-year-old agrees to help the sibling spirits solve the mystery surrounding their demise.
drama:When the American-educated scion of a powerful Indian family returns to the subcontinent, his first taste of power starts him down a corrupt path.
drama:When a newly married landlord is murdered, a misfit cop’s investigation is complicated by the victim’s secretive family and his own conflicted heart.
international:A complex love triangle goes horribly wrong in this epic, multigenerational saga involving romance, revenge, mistaken identity and amnesia.
children:Giant, rambunctious rabbits have invaded and are wreaking havoc on the world. But we'll have to get used to them, because they're not going anywhere!
drama:A free-spirited couple leave the city to retire in the country. But when they're swindled by a relative, life in the countryside loses its luster.
action:The plot thickens around two horse-racing competitors when three beautiful women come into their lives and a murder is committed.
action:In this sequel set in the world of horse racing, half-brothers Ranvir and Rajiv Singh return for another complex tale of love, greed and violence.
children:A sister and brother with special powers are on the run from a mysterious organization that wants to take advantage of the siblings' gifts.
drama:Longstanding family conflicts resurface when a former model who's been in and out of rehab for a decade returns home for her sister's wedding.
documentary:This film chronicles the career of surfer Dadá Figueiredo, whose stormy personal life upended his status as a trendsetting '70s sports hero.
children:"Shy student Tara has a secret identity: She is smooth-talking Radio Rebel, a DJ who lends her voice to all kids, popular and unpopular alike."
drama:An elderly, hearing-impaired Indian man stays connected to the world of the past through the beloved valve radio he has owned since childhood.
drama:When the women at a radium factory begin to fall gravely and inexplicably ill, Bessie and her co-workers set out to expose a corporate cover-up.
action:After street smart kid Raees rises to become Gujarat's bootlegging king in the 1980s, he tries to balance his life of crime with helping his people.
comedy:Young Polish comedians Rafał Banaś and Michał Leja present a high-energy stand-up show at Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy.
comedy:An off-color joke nearly cost him everything. Brazilian comic Rafinha Bastos talks about that and much more, from his divorce to finding love again.
other:This gritty biopic of brutal boxer Jake LaMotta portrays a tormented soul rising to the top of his sport, only to be undone by his demons.
horror:A couple out to have a sensuous weekend at a house outside of Mumbai finds it rigged with surveillance cameras and occupied by an evil entity.
horror:The horror continues when Ragini's video goes viral and a sleazy director decides to make a movie about the incident in the original house.
international:In a Norwegian town poisoned by pollution and rattled by melting glaciers, the End Times feel all too real. It’ll take a legend to battle an old evil.
drama:The murder of a teenage girl found dead in her bedroom opens up a twisted investigation that leads into a dark, murky labyrinth of secrets and lies.
documentary:"Three childhood friends attempt to finish the pet project they've worked on for over 30 years: re-creating Raiders of the Lost Ark shot for shot."
action:During World War II, a Chinese railroad worker leads a group of brave resistance fighters against the forces of Japanese occupation.
other:A fast-talking yuppie is forced to slow down when he meets the brother he never knew he had, an unusually gifted autistic savant named Raymond.
drama:Mistreated by his cruel uncle, an imaginative orphan with autism sees hope when a fairy vows to change his life with a week of enchanted recipes.
children:Ruby makes magical journeys with her teddy bear Choco to Rainbow Village, where her toys come to life – and where there's always a problem to solve!
comedy:A developmentally disabled man obsessed with the Fonz, guns and all things kinky poses a challenge for his arrogant brother when he moves in with him.
children:A widowed mom sets out to solve the mystery surrounding her young son's emerging superpowers while keeping his extraordinary gifts under wraps.
children:A teenager who gave up her spot in an elite U.S. gymnastics program when her family moved to Australia enters a competition to help a new friend.
drama:A suave teen sets his sights on a girl who seems beyond his reach. But his game can't be confined to his tiny apartment and family's old-school values.
drama:When a poor taxi driver falls in love with a wealthy young woman, he must stand up to her family and contend with his own insecurities.
drama:A small-time con man assembles a team to help him avenge the death of his partner-in-crime at the hands of a powerful gangster.
documentary:Explore the history and flavors of regional Indian cuisine, from traditional Kashmiri feasts to the vegetarian dishes of Gujarat.
comedy:Hoping to revive his relationship with his resentful millennial son, an internet-rookie widower assumes the online persona of a young woman.
comedy:A grad student leaves her boyfriend in Delhi for a job interview in Mumbai, where she reconnects with an old flame for whom she still has feelings.
crime:While Cleaver Greene is a brilliant and driven attorney, he's also an ex-druggie, a current gambling addict and loathed by many of his colleagues.
horror:An asylum patient’s troubled past threatens his grasp on reality as fellow hospital residents begin disappearing at the hands of an unknown entity.
children:When video-game bad guy Ralph and best friend Vanellope discover a way onto the internet, they set off on a mission to save her broken game.
comedy:Comedian Ralphie May takes to the Las Vegas stage with his raw, rollicking take on men's fashion, racism, sex and even waffles. Filmed live in 2013.
comedy:Filmed in front of a raucous crowd, comedian Ralphie May unleashes his hilariously raunchy perspective in his first Netflix original stand-up special.
documentary:From his home on Maui, pioneering researcher, author and spiritual teacher Ram Dass reflects on love, life and death as his own days draw to a close.
drama:Two boyhood pals – one righteous, the other a criminal – take very different paths to adulthood. Their love for the same woman may prove disastrous.
other:Abandoned by her new husband and father of her son, a mountain woman journeys to Calcutta to find him, constantly tested by social evils along the way.
international:A corrupt cop and a serial killer obsessed with a psychopath from the '60s get caught up in a ruthless cat-and-mouse game in this Indian thriller.
international:A prince's divine destiny to rule as a king is thwarted by his stepmother's scheme to put her own child on the throne in this legendary epic.
drama:Ramen chef Masato travels to Singapore to retrace his mother's life and finds a deeper understanding of his family history and culture.
comedy:A small-town cook moves to London to earn a living, but from his employer’s sudden death to the immigration officials on his trail, plans soon go sour.
action:Lone-wolf vigilante Bill Williamson is back, taking aim at the U.S. government and eluding the pursuit of two FBI agents who are on his trail.
action:When Prince Lee Cheong returns to Joseon after his brother’s death, he finds the kingdom plagued by deadly creatures – but they’re not the only threat.
horror:Believing himself to be God's envoy, a troubled young man embarks on a killing spree as his passion for music becomes a psychotic obsession.
drama:An idealistic English filmmaker casts a group of student actors in her docudrama about India's revolution against British rule in the 1920s.
children:When he becomes lost in the desert, pet chameleon Rango pretends he's a tough guy and ends up sheriff of a corrupt and violent frontier town.
action:During World War II, daredevil star Miss Julia entertains soldiers at the Indo-Burma border, where she's caught up in a web of love and deceit.
drama:A high-flying rock star and son of a politician falls for a woman from a qawwal family, leading to a love triangle that may consume everyone involved.
documentary:Groundbreaking artists share their life stories in this vibrant documentary series that captures hip-hop's impact on global culture.
drama:In 1947, Mildred Ratched begins working as a nurse at a leading psychiatric hospital. But beneath her stylish exterior lurks a growing darkness.
documentary:The irrepressible Ratones Paranoicos, Argentina's most enduring rock band, are featured in vintage concert and backstage footage as their story's told.
documentary:Explore the icky world of rats and witness how their talent for surviving in almost any environment has led to catastrophic events throughout history.
horror:After a mysterious woman saves her daughter from a deadly snakebite, a single mother must repay the debt by killing a stranger before sundown.
horror:As a zombie plague ravages their rural Quebec town, a scrappy band of survivors join forces to flee the infected hordes in this quiet thriller.
comedy:Ray Romano cut his stand-up teeth at the Comedy Cellar in New York. Now, in his first comedy special in 23 years, he returns to where it all began.
comedy:When robberies and murders targeting women sweep early 20th-century Egypt, the hunt for suspects leads to two shadowy sisters. Based on a true story.
international:This sweeping historical drama charts the rise of a remarkable real-life figure, the first woman to ever rule the Delhi Sultanate.
international:Eleven high school classmates awaken, restrained to a large dining room. While fearing for their lives, they question a motive to this bizarre act.
international:A group of men and women, each burdened with a dark secret, look for love in this dating show with a twist. Hosted by reformed playboy Atsushi Tamura.
drama:When a series of seemingly random people are murdered, baffled police search for a killer who may have a connection to them all.
comedy:Bollywood superstar Salman Khan plays Prem, an heir to a perfume fortune who falls in love with the wrong woman in this romantic comedy.
comedy:After the man she thought she'd marry breaks up with her, Ana joins a class for single women who are in search of a husband.
documentary:In an attempted heist worthy of a Hollywood film, a cadre of criminals sets out to steal the world's largest perfect diamond from a London landmark.
documentary:In 2000, U.K. detectives spent months tracking a criminal known only as Sally, who was targeting a supermarket chain with extortion and letter bombs.
comedy:Go inside the world of comedian and actor Rob Schneider in this comedy series that follows the ups and downs of his career and family life.
action:A struggling fighter-turned-promoter reconnects with his estranged son to convert an old-generation robot into a mighty World Robot Boxing contender.
international:Five friends from college chase their post-grad dreams of becoming a successful writer, film director, singer, rich wife and out-and-proud hair stylist.
international:With Rio de Janeiro under a zombie attack, reality show contestants shelter in a TV studio, where they must deal with more than flesh-eating hordes.
drama:A young newlywed moves to her husband's imposing estate, where she must contend with his sinister housekeeper and the haunting shadow of his late wife.
other:When Jim Stark arrives in a new town with his troubled past firmly in tow, he quickly falls for the girl next door and befriends the vulnerable Plato.
international:Six students at an exclusive prep school, some on scholarship, discover that music can close the class divide.
international:As World War I rages, three women and their families in Dublin choose sides in the violent Easter Rising revolt against British rule.
drama:Long-lost buddy Zack gets suburban dad Kyle on a bus to a Rebirth seminar, sending him down a rabbit hole of psychodrama, seduction and violence.
children:Four tech-savvy teens hone their skills as cyber-superheroes in a series of secret missions to save the world.
drama:Struggling to move on from a heartbreaking loss, Mikey is drawn into a dangerous underworld robbery orchestrated by his unreliable stepbrother Dale.
crime:When a local teen is murdered in their quiet, suburban community, two fathers intent on protecting their families must contend with their inner demons.
anime:Lone mage Siluca wanders the land of Atlatan, disgusted by its greedy nobility. When she meets knight errant Theo, she sees a chance to create peace.
international:Two actors and a makeup artist fight to make their own way in a world that weighs the backgrounds they were born into more than their dreams.
documentary:In a region ravaged by opioid abuse, four young men in a farming-based rehab forge a bond as they try to reinvent their lives after years of addiction.
crime:Convicted of rape and murder at age 18, Daniel Holden spends nearly 20 years on death row until DNA evidence brings the verdict into question.
horror:A family Christmas gathering at an isolated Australian estate turns into the holiday from hell after a mysterious stranger turns up at the door.
action:A group of teenagers witnesses Soviet and Cuban paratroopers descending on their small Colorado town and systematically setting off World War III.
drama:When a theater group stages a production of a Rabindranath Tagore play, they begin to notice parallels between the story and their own lives.
documentary:A documentarian details her Jewish family's escape from Nazi-occupied Prague to refuge in Brazil, where her father built a life as an architect.
action:This parody of first-person shooter games, military life and science-fiction films centers on a civil war fought in the middle of a desolate canyon.
action:An Afghanistan veteran haunted by his dark past takes on an assumed identity but must risk stepping into the light when his girlfriend is murdered.
international:Ten years after a once-promising student graduates, she finds herself working at a cosmetics company run by the boy with the worst grades in school.
documentary:Five acclaimed photographers travel the world to provide detailed insight into the difficult conditions faced by refugees who dream of a better life.
action:Inside one of Cairo's most impoverished areas exists a place where criminals control everything and everyone.
other:The comic innovator delivers a surreal set blending experimental songs, jokes about grits, guns and drugs, and other improvised comedy adventures.
other:Award-winning filmmaker Reggie Yates travels around the world tackling big issues such as gun violence, racism, gay rights and addiction.
documentary:Historical footage and interviews with soldiers showcase war stories, unique traditions and unifying principles of the Indian Army’s various regiments.
drama:As unemployment, drug addiction and corruption plague a society, this drama depicts the people who believe there’s still good in the world.
drama:This vivid historical drama series tells of the rise to power of Mary, Queen of Scots, amid a court full of sexual and political intrigue.
documentary:Vice magazine's Andy Capper follows rapper Snoop Dogg on a pilgrimage to Jamaica, where he rechristens himself Snoop Lion, a reggae artist.
documentary:Cloaked in mystery, bluesman Robert Johnson left his mark on American music. Now family, critics and famous fans look for the real man behind the music.
documentary:The shocking murder of singer Victor Jara in 1973 turned him into a powerful symbol of Chile's struggle. Decades later, a quest for justice unfolds.
documentary:After discovering the family of Solomon Linda, the writer of The Lion Sleeps Tonight, a reporter tries to help them fight for fair compensation.
documentary:The killing of three members of the Miami Showband sent shock waves across Ireland in 1975. Now one survivor doggedly pursues the truth.
documentary:While Sam Cooke rose to stardom as a soul singer, his outspoken views on civil rights drew attention that may have contributed to his death at age 33.
documentary:This documentary chronicles Johnny Cash's 1970 visit to the White House, where Cash's emerging ideals clashed with Richard Nixon's policies.
documentary:Run-DMC DJ Jam Master Jay made a huge impact in music and his community. But friends and family still seek closure years after his unsolved murder.
documentary:In 1976, reggae icon Bob Marley survived an assassination attempt as rival political groups battled in Jamaica. But who exactly was responsible?
action:Two huge soccer fans must go on a rambunctious road trip to fix a big match between Malaysia and Thailand, or they'll draw the ire of a loan shark.
action:Following the written instructions of his friend, senile Zev crosses the country to find and murder the Nazi who killed their families in Auschwitz.
drama:Tyler's still feeling lost following the tragedy that's strained his relationship with his father when he meets Ally, a girl who understands his pain.
drama:A psychologist is murdered after unveiling a breakthrough invention that extracts memories, spurring a fixated former patient to hunt for answers.
drama:Armed with a thirst for revenge, a vigilante makes justice her business after being hired by various women to seduce and humiliate their rapists.
international:Take a nostalgic trip back to the late 1980s through the lives of five families and their five teenage kids living in a small neighborhood in Seoul.
international:All hailing from various parts of Korea, a group of college students go from being complete strangers to a big happy family at a Seoul boarding house.
international:As a teen, Shi Won was obsessed with a boy band. Now 33 years old, Shi Won and her friends are reviving their memories as their school reunion nears.
crime:A pair of father and son private investigators tries to keep their combustible personal lives in check while tackling an intriguing array of cases.
other:In the wake of a sudden tragedy, a London cellist unearths secrets that link her mother to the disappearance of a young girl in a small Welsh town.
action:The Undead Apocalypse continues as super-soldier Alice finds her way to a supposed sanctuary in Los Angeles, which may just be a deadly trap.
documentary:The results of a DNA test spur Puerto Rican rap icon Residente to set out on a global voyage in search of his roots and fresh musical inspiration.
drama:A young screenwriter returns to his hometown to write a script based on his childhood and discovers his neighborhood has been gentrified.
international:Three food and design experts travel the world to revive failing restaurants by connecting them to the local culture beyond their gorgeous views.
documentary:After 30 years with the New York City Ballet, celebrated dancer Wendy Whelan redefines herself as an artist in a new stage of life.
comedy:After an ugly divorce, a wealthy but unhappy man trains at a local gym and develops a strange relationship with the owner and a captivating trainer.
documentary:A suicidal war veteran finds like-minded souls in a surf therapy program that helps traumatized soldiers heal while riding the waves.
international:When a good deed unwittingly endangers his clan, a 13th-century Turkish warrior agrees to fight a sultan's enemies in exchange for new tribal land.
drama:High in the Andes, a teenage boy and his father work together as artisans. But their bond is shattered when the son learns of his father's secret life.
other:A dark web of secrets and lies emerges when a newlywed couple is killed and detectives question their feuding families.
drama:Freed after spending 12 years in jail, a man's homecoming turns into a dark affair as his disillusion clashes with his family's expectations.
action:When thugs prey upon innocent factory workers, a small-time scammer trains for revenge by studying the moves of Shaolin temple monks.
drama:After four years together, a husband and wife become entangled in secret, sexually charged relationships that threaten to unravel their marriage.
crime:After a mother and her daughter are gang-raped by seven men, the daughter suffers a mental breakdown, and the single mom sets out to get revenge.
action:In gritty 1980s New York, two Chinese immigrant boys rise through the ranks of the infamous Green Dragons gang, where they're trained to kill.
horror:"A wedding in a Malaysian village leaves out one guest: a scorned vampire ghost bent on settling a secret score with the groom and anyone in her way."
action:Hell-bent on avenging the murder of his family, a former detective infiltrates a remote island that serves as a prison for vicious death row criminals.
documentary:Through interviews with abortion rights supporters and opponents, this film lifts the lid on a decades-long political campaign to overturn Roe v. Wade.
anime:When Shibuya time-warps to 2388, high schooler Daisuke and his friends are conscripted by AHRV agent Milo to fight the hostile cyborg race, revisions.
action:Following a devastating alien invasion, an American soldier and a French foreign aid worker attempt to find refuge in the Kenyan countryside.
other:Popular fairy tales take on a darkly comic edge in these short animated films based on a book by Roald Dahl and illustrator Quentin Blake.
international:A third-generation chaebol falls in love with a woman who opens his eyes to the struggles of the working class and inspires him to make a difference.
drama:April and Frank's marriage unravels when a plan to change their perfect lives becomes their last hope to escape lives engulfed in emptiness.
drama:Gorgeous and free-spirited Albanian model Rezeta arrives in Mexico City, and soon uses her charms to take up a carefree new life in the metropolis.
children:Fun-loving friends Daisy and Cole use music and imagination to solve problems in a town filled with nursery rhyme characters.
children:Love snackable, snap-worthy songs? Sing along with the Rhyme Time Town friends as they use their imaginations and flex their problem-solving skills!
comedy:Rhys Nicholson flexes his biting humor as he discusses horse tranquilizers, angry letters from viewers, and more in this stand-up special.
other:In this music competition show, judges Tip “T.I.” Harris, Cardi B and Chance the Rapper hit the streets to find the next rap superstar.
international:This reality series follows the lives of a group of wealthy, successful Latina women in Los Angeles.
comedy:Ricardo O'Farrill brings his sharp, observational humor to the stage with a relentless sarcasm and specific Mexican sensibility. Prepare for mockery.
comedy:The expressive Ricardo O'Farrill uses his astute comedic sensibilities to tease Christmas traditions, and not even Santa Claus escapes unscathed.
comedy:Droll comic Ricardo Quevedo hits Bogotá with a set that touches on embarrassing misunderstandings, sex talk, the thrill of being scared and more.
comedy:From how social media can ruin relationships to the perils of buying a gift for a woman, comic Ricardo Quevedo dissects life's trials and tribulations.
comedy:Rich kid Teto is determined to prove himself to Paula, his love interest. But when he tells her he grew up poor, the lie spins out of control.
comedy:Richard Pryor's classic 1979 concert film has him discussing a wide range of topics, including race, the police and his favorite target – himself.
children:After turning his veggies into green energy, Richie Rich earns a trillion dollars overnight and a new life filled with nonstop fun and adventure.
comedy:In his first special in seven years, Ricky Gervais slings his trademark snark at celebrity, mortality and a society that takes everything personally.
children:The daughter of a horse trainer, an ambitious girl sets her sights on becoming the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup. Based on a true story.
documentary:Take a deep dive into the beautiful world of Japan's top male idol groups from number one producer Johnny's in this revealing docuseries.
children:Following her father's death, a young woman struggles to help her mother keep the family ranch afloat while preserving a special bond with her horse.
comedy:The owner of a failing music club throws one last blowout, bringing together friends, foes and hard-partying weirdos for an unhinged New Year's Eve.
drama:Two detectives investigate a rash of vigilante killings linked to an old case, suggesting they might have put an innocent man behind bars.
anime:Her life might be a little mundane, but Kaoru gets to go home to Rilakkuma, her endearingly lazy roommate who happens to be a fuzzy toy bear.
action:Stranded at a summer camp when aliens attack the planet, four teens with nothing in common embark on a perilous mission to save the world.
children:In this animated action series, a rookie driver seeks glory in a world-class auto race, but he’ll need more than just his talent behind the wheel.
drama:Desperate to save his land, an indebted farmer journeys to Pandharpur to seek divine blessing with his small son, who searches for his mother.
action:Seeking vengeance for the murder of his wife, a cop robs a bank in order to be thrown into prison with the Russian kingpin who ruined his life.
children:Following an embarrassing viral video, a New York model decides to escape from her suffocating existence by visiting her faraway aunt in Australia.
drama:This biopic profiles Andries Riphagen, a Dutch criminal who blackmailed Jews in hiding during World War II and was responsible for hundreds of deaths.
other:It's been six months since the last Jack the Ripper killing, and East London is hopeful that his reign of terror might have run its course.
documentary:Ottoman Sultan Mehmed II wages an epic campaign to take the Byzantine capital of Constantinople and shapes the course of history for centuries.
horror:A heartbroken wildlife photographer throws himself into his work, only to find himself experiencing strange transformations.
drama:Inspired by Malaysia's 14th General Election, this film trails six individuals and the obstacles they face in the days leading up to the historic event.
international:Partners at an Indian matrimonial agency face endlessly challenging and often impossible demands as they help clients make the perfect match.
drama:Ready to do anything to get rich, a young man upends the Berlin property market with his shady pal, till the good times threaten to destroy it all.
documentary:Elite athletes and insiders reflect on the Paralympic Games and examine how they impact a global understanding of disability, diversity and excellence.
international:Independent, outspoken and adored by her students, schoolteacher Rita fares less well with adults in this comedy-drama from Denmark.
drama:In a village where girls are auctioned off rather than married, a man falls in love with a girl who is about to face the bidders.
documentary:Experience the highlights of Argentine soccer team Club Atlético River Plate's long history, from its early development to its major victories.
drama:High schooler Haruna befriends loner Yamada, then is drawn into the tangled relationship between him, a model and the girl who loves him unreasonably.
crime:While navigating the troubled waters of sex, romance, school and family, teen Archie and his gang become entangled in a dark Riverdale mystery.
documentary:This documentary explores krumping, a fast-paced urban dance, and follows the man that originated the phenomenon in South Central Los Angeles.
action:Three inseparable friends are torn when one of them becomes a member of a predatory criminal syndicate threatening to overpower his old friends' gang.
documentary:Director Alfonso Cuarón reflects on the childhood memories, period details and creative choices that shaped his Academy Award-winning film ROMA.
drama:As communal violence erupts in his neighborhood, a Muslim mechanic presses forward to repair a historic truck that will transport Gandhi’s last remains.
drama:Their marriage failing, Victoria and Izu try to reconnect during a road trip. But bringing long-repressed secrets to light threatens yet more discord.
comedy:When three college pals hit the road to compete in a big-time beer pong tournament, their trip morphs into an outrageous odyssey.
comedy:Former Saturday Night Live star Rob Schneider returns to the stage and shares his take on life, love and dinosaur dreams in this stand-up special.
documentary:Italian TV host Pif revisits Roberto Saviano, who's been living under protection since publishing Gomorrah, his exposé on organized crime in Naples.
action:When the Sheriff of Nottingham takes his beloved captive, Robin Hood embarks on a daring rescue mission at the tyrant's castle.
children:When disaster strikes in Brooms Town, police car Robocar Poli, fire truck Robotruck Roy and their friends on the rescue team race to save the day.
children:Keeping peace and safety in Train World is no easy task, but for five trains with the power to transform into robots, every crisis is an adventure!
anime:When a mysterious spaceship crashes in the Pacific, the people of Earth work to master the science of robotechnology and rebuild the giant fortress.
other:A boy and his homemade robot enter the toughest competition in the universe while attempting to free their oppressed home from an evil empire.
documentary:Italian porn star Rocco Siffredi is showcased in this documentary that shadows the legendary performer during his final year in front of the camera.
children:After an adventurous teen with a heart defect bonds with an unruly stallion, she trains to compete as an amateur jockey in a life-threatening race.
drama:Four friends hoped that their rock band would be a hit. After breaking up, the band members reunite and take another shot at fulfilling their dream.
children:After 20 years in space, Rocko struggles to adjust to life in 21st century O-Town and makes it his mission to get his favorite show back on the air.
action:Sylvester Stallone shot to fame as Rocky Balboa, an unknown fighter who's given a shot at fighting world champ Apollo Creed as a publicity stunt.
action:A reclusive pawn shop owner sets his sights on revenge when vicious gangsters kidnap his drug-addicted neighbor's young daughter.
drama:Featuring a rousing climax, this engaging sequel finds boxer Rocky Balboa returning to the ring for a rematch against reigning champ Apollo Creed.
drama:After taking a pounding from a powerful young fighter, humbled world champ Rocky Balboa turns to ex-rival Apollo Creed for help in regaining his form.
drama:Rocky Balboa takes on the Cold War, coming out of retirement to battle a Soviet fighter who pulverized Rocky's friend and former rival, Apollo Creed.
drama:Inspired by the memory of his trainer, a broke and seemingly careerless Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer.
comedy:Raunchy country comic and musician Rodney Carrington jokes and sings about life in his 40s, poking fun at sex, relationships and gaining weight.
drama:Roger Guenveur Smith gives voice to the man at the center of the brutal police beating that helped fuel the 1992 LA riots. Spike Lee directs.
action:In this dystopian sequel, kills equal points in a violently gory annual cross-country road race sponsored by the United Corporations of America.
drama:Caught in the crosshairs of police corruption and Marseille’s warring gangs, a loyal cop must protect his squad by taking matters into his own hands.
action:An elite international squad of uniquely skilled special forces is assembled to combat a rising underground terrorist threat in the Middle East.
action:When their leader is captured by an extremist organization, a special forces team stages a perilous rescue mission as time runs out.
drama:Hoping to earn money to support her son, a single mother sings in a nightclub, where danger lurks around every corner.
documentary:This compelling documentary follows the 2012 Steubenville, Ohio rape case, putting social media and high school football culture in the spotlight.
documentary:Backed by a crew of unlikely allies, newly sober paraplegic Gabriel Cordell teams up with his nephew for a grueling wheelchair trek across America.
documentary:As the newspaper industry takes a hit, The Denver Post breaks new ground with a section dedicated to cannabis culture.
documentary:In an alchemic mix of fact and fantasy, Martin Scorsese looks back at Bob Dylan's 1975 Rolling Thunder Revue tour and a country ripe for reinvention.
drama:Director Alfonso Cuarón delivers a vivid, emotional portrait of domestic life and social hierarchy set against Mexico's political turmoil of the 1970s.
documentary:This stylish mix of documentary and historical epic chronicles the reign of Commodus, the emperor whose rule marked the beginning of Rome's fall.
drama:Love came naturally for married couple Sonoko and Tetsuo. But his secret profession as a love doll designer clashes with her deeper, darker secret.
international:A gifted writer who's the youngest editor-in-chief ever at his publishing company gets enmeshed in the life of a former copywriter desperate for a job.
comedy:Bored with her life and inspired by a friend's wedding, Esra quits her job and dumps her boyfriend, leading to a series of romantic misadventures.
comedy:"Didem tries everything to get actor Cem to propose to her, but he's got other things on his mind: a beautiful new co-star and a secret bachelor party."
drama:In 1971, a fallen army major’s son is tapped by India's Research and Analysis Wing to serve as an undercover agent in Pakistan in the lead-up to war.
action:Two common boys travel from India to Thailand to find success and money, enjoying their friendship and finding ways to cheat the cheats.
horror:A shocking assault inspires horrific violence when a group of teens encounters a girl from their school while camping in a remote spot.
comedy:Ron “Tater Salad” White dishes out his signature brand of cynicism, riffing on sex, celebrity and the sinister habits of wild geese.
documentary:Today, legendary bodybuilder Ronnie Coleman's body bears the scars of becoming the best in the world. Here, he shares what it took to reach his goals.
comedy:Ronny Chieng (The Daily Show, Crazy Rich Asians) takes center stage in this stand-up special and riffs on modern American life and more.
international:Free spirit Goo Hae-ryung embarks on a new life as a scholar in the Joseon royal court after hearing about a government post for women historians.
drama:Kidnapped, confined to a tiny room and raped, a young woman gives birth to a son. When he reaches his fifth birthday, she begins plotting an escape.
crime:This docuseries follows the 2011 sexual assault case involving French politician Dominique Strauss-Kahn at the height of his career.
comedy:To save his parents’ home, a lottery-squandering 32-year-old man sublets a room to a disarmingly creepy tenant.
children:A gentle witch with a ginger braid offers rides to a variety of animals on her increasingly crowded broom, much to her grumpy cat's chagrin.
international:High school senior Belle pursues a shy junior boy. Dog-phobic Emma meets a handsome veterinary student. Baking blogger Mielle falls for her critic.
documentary:In rural India, a child with hydrocephalus gets a chance at life-changing surgery after her photos go viral. This documentary charts her journey.
documentary:This documentary explores the rich heritage of Indian classical music and the reasons behind its modern decline in popularity.
children:A star cowboy in a traveling rodeo gets thrown off course when he falls in love with the daughter of a tough-minded town councilman.
comedy:Comedian Rory Scovel storms the stage in Atlanta, where he shares unfocused thoughts about things that mystify him, relationships and the Thong Song.
crime:Worlds collide when a vengeance-obsessed young woman from the other side of the tracks captures the attention of two well-off friends.
comedy:An idealistic engineer builds his own island off the coast of Italy and declares it a nation, drawing the attention of the world — and the government.
other:A woman is thrilled to find out she's pregnant. But as her belly grows, the more certain she becomes that her unborn child is in serious danger.
other:After 10 years, a woman returns to her sleepy tourist-occupied hometown and discovers her high-school crush is also an unusual foreigner.
documentary:This docuseries travels deep into the heart of the food supply chain to reveal unsavory truths and expose hidden forces that shape what we eat.
drama:A law student befriends and befoes a fellow gambling addict and a club owner, and tensions run high when they must come up with $15k in just 5 days.
action:A con man uncovers a deadly secret and must save his lady love, the little girl who insists she's his daughter and the small-town locals from the mob.
drama:She grew up in a tough New York neighborhood in the '80s and made history with Roxanne's Revenge. The story of teen battle rap champ Roxanne Shante.
comedy:Dr. Hank Lawson unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance physician treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.
international:Ruby, jealous of her wealthy best friend Maribel, cooks up a scheme to marry a millionaire. Hector, Maribel's boyfriend, is her target.
drama:A biopic that explores the hardships and triumphs of the early life of B. J. Habibie, a transformative president of Indonesia.
crime:A police detective who loses everything to a criminal organization seeks payback when he gains special abilities through biotechnology.
children:The Rugrats take to the big screen and visit Paris when Mr. Pickles gets summoned to fix a giant robot at the EuroReptarland theme park.
drama:Following the untimely death of his father, a young man begins to reconnect with his family while uncovering some difficult truths.
action:An ex-MMA champion reduced to fixing fights in Mexico must win one last match to save his girlfriend, who's been kidnapped by the mob.
action:During a visit to the Bronx to help out at his uncle's store, a cheerful martial arts expert springs into action when a gang terrorizes the shop.
comedy:When Sarah travels to California for her sister's wedding, she hears a rumor that her family was the real-life inspiration for The Graduate.
action:Siddharth falls in love with beautiful Jhanvi. But Jhanvi's brother Ganpat is overly possessive – and determined to destroy their relationship.
international:Veering off course from his preset path, a track star follows his own pace and heart for the first time after a film translator steps into his life.
comedy:Sparks fly when a newspaper columnist writes a one-sided, sexist story about a commitment-phobic bride who abandoned three men at the altar.
drama:In 1920s Hawaii, a young man of mixed race and the daughter of a white plantation owner must overcome racial and class prejudice to be together.
children:Wanting to bring home the ultimate prize, a group of competitors gather for a championship — and discover both friends and enemies as they play!
other:Held hostage by men searching for a secret her late husband left behind, a recent widow and her family race against time to find a way out.
comedy:A Bihari migrant runs a successful service to help couples elope, until the daughter of his former boss stirs the pot.
anime:A nomadic swordsman arrives at a martial arts school in Meiji-era Japan, where he lands in the middle of a conflict involving the opium trade.
documentary:Celebrate the remarkable 40-year career of influential Canadian rockers Rush with this documentary, which details the band's formation and evolution.
comedy:Russell Brand gets loquacious in London as he ruminates on the state of the world and marvels over how his life changed the moment he became a father.
comedy:Self-deprecating comic Russell Howard plows ahead through politics, porn, social media and his own shortcomings. Yet he somehow keeps it positive.
children:A spunky terrier named Russell with serious wrestling chops becomes a sports phenomenon with the help of his coach, a monkey named Hunk.
documentary:A four-part docu-series that's an exclusive, backstage pass to global comedy superstar Russell Peters' record-breaking Notorious world tour.
comedy:The comic comes home to Toronto to sound off on cultural quirks, kids' furniture and bathroom visits, reveling in all things ridiculously human.
comedy:Global comedy star Russell Peters leaves no ethnic or cultural stereotype unsatirized in this outrageous standup appearance in Sydney, Australia.
comedy:Nadia keeps dying and reliving her 36th birthday party. She's trapped in a surreal time loop – and staring down the barrel of her own mortality.
other:A wrong turn in the woods becomes a fight for her life when a career-seeking college student runs into two outlaw brothers looking to cook up trouble.
international:Old-school auto collector Mike Hall, his pal Avery Shoaf and son Connor Hall go the extra mile to restore retro cars – and hopefully turn a profit.
drama:A decorated naval officer kills his wife's lover, leading to a sensational trial and a national obsession over passion versus premeditated murder.
comedy:Small-town import Ryan Hamilton charms New York with folksy comic observations on big-city life, hot-air ballooning and going to Disney World alone.
documentary:This film examines the complex life of iconic filmmaker Stanley Kubrick, as seen through the eyes of his devoted longtime driver, Emilio D'Alessandro.
action:Anti-corruption investigator William Luk must join forces with detective Lau Po-keung to bring down a crime syndicate involved in sports betting.
action:A veteran cop is tasked with drafting and training a special weapons and tactics team, who soon find themselves up against an international criminal.
comedy:A blindsided boyfriend must prove his fidelity when his girlfriend spontaneously dumps him after suspecting him of cheating.
comedy:Three old friends who have always hated politics are in for a shock when the friend who dislikes politics the most is somehow elected head minister.
action:In a fictional megalopolis, a stunning underworld theft triggers a fierce power struggle among the gangsters, with an enigmatic cop on their trail.
drama:A young woman falls for her classmate’s idealistic, non-materialistic ways, but is troubled upon seeing his principles change after they marry.
drama:In rural India, a detective's investigation of seven confounding suicides uncovers revelations about the myths and mindsets of the rest of the village.
drama:Outcast from society and left to die in the wilderness, a young boy with polio embarks on a journey to connect with his mother. Based on a true story.
children:In this madcap comedy, two mischievous cats, a talking parrot and a high-strung dog keep getting into trouble while their human is away.
horror:A toy manufacturer and his wife are terrorized by a demon after their orphaned niece tries to summon her late mother's spirit using a spooky ritual.
crime:A link in their pasts leads an honest cop to a fugitive gang boss, whose cryptic warning spurs the officer on a quest to save Mumbai from cataclysm.
documentary:Italian filmmaker Gianfranco Rosi turns his eye to his own country, roaming and filming for over two years in a minivan on Rome's giant ring road.
documentary:An eclectic group of fans of 1966's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly attempt to restore the cemetery set in Spain where the movie's climax was filmed.
drama:An ex-boxer falls in love with a blind woman and starts to build a new life, but his violent past returns to endanger them both.
comedy:High schooler Sadie Mitchell believes the world is about to end – literally. Before it does, she sets out to kiss a boy and win back her best friend.
drama:After a traumatic injury leaves her with amnesia and age regression, a young woman is sold to a brothel before a teacher becomes her savior.
international:An arranged engagement between a village girl and her city cousin shows signs of true love, but an indiscretion decades ago could doom their romance.
documentary:This documentary profiles the celebrated Hindi film director known as much for his embrace of leftist politics and social concerns as lyrical cinema.
other:After his teenage daughter goes missing, a widowed surgeon in an affluent neighborhood begins unearthing dark secrets about the people closest to him.
comedy:A team of journalists are sent to find out who's behind a classified ad seeking a companion for time travel, then must decide how to approach him.
children:When his new love is captured by an evil snake charmer, a young cobra and his scorpion best friend set out across the desert on a wild rescue mission.
drama:"A charming cabbie, a cop turned assassin and a housewife who’s also a hooker share one thing in common: a bizarre and violent afternoon in Kolkata."
drama:Knotty love triangles and nefarious schemes arise when a nobleman’s plans to remarry fall into the cunning hands of his first wife and a vengeful rival.
anime:A band of young warriors in magical armor vow to defend the reincarnation of Greek goddess Athena against evil forces and to return her to the throne.
anime:This anime adventure follows the battle between a saint of Athena and an avatar of Hades who's working on a painting that could destroy the world.
drama:When two college students – a rich man’s daughter and a fisherman’s son – defy social edicts by falling in love, violence erupts in their village.
international:A college student seizes his chance with a crush when an unexpected encounter turns into a night of bold dares, deep confessions and possible romance.
drama:Caught in a downward spiral of failed career moves, misguided ambitions and bad relations, a pair of lost souls find hope in an unexpected friendship.
crime:A by-the-book police captain and a brash young detective must team up to take on the supernatural when strange forces begin to wreak havoc on Dakar.
action:Two close childhood friends take drastically different paths in life, but meet by chance years later and fall in love, unaware of their past bond.
action:The Sultan of Egypt and Syria launches a campaign to retake Jerusalem amid the Crusades.
documentary:Shunned by his country due to religion, Abdus Salam strives for an achievement that would define modern physics and redefine his place back home.
drama:A street vendor's simple life is turned upside down after the Egyptian revolution of 2011, forcing him to contend with criminals and cops alike.
documentary:Chef and food writer Samin Nosrat travels the world to explore four basic keys to wonderful cooking, serving up feasts and helpful tips along the way.
children:To earn cash, roommates Sam and Cat start a baby-sitting service – and quickly discover just what an adventure baby-sitting can be.
comedy:Comedian and Saturday Night Live writer Sam Jay serves up fresh takes on relationships, travel nightmares, the audacity of white people and more.
comedy:The one-time preacher shakes and shudders as he tears into subjects including sex, marriage, religion, drugs and famine in this HBO special.
comedy:Comic Sam Kinison lets it rip with this performance at L.A.'s Wiltern theatre, skewering every segment of modern society from religion to television.
comedy:Standup legend Sam Kinison is at his screaming best as he storms the stage in Sin City to get a few things off his chest.
documentary:Sam's brother and former manager Bill Kinison speaks about the late comedian's journey from preacher to standup legend.
drama:On a family visit, a young man and his girlfriend set out to discover why his eccentric uncle has been mysteriously confined to one room for years.
international:A child star in the '80s, Samantha clings to the fringes of celebrity with hilarious harebrained schemes to launch herself back into the spotlight.
drama:When a young girl is killed in a suspicious train accident, three very different lives become intertwined in their quest for answers.
drama:A wealthy couple whose marriage is on the rocks befriends a local homeless man who changes their perspectives in this inspiring true story.
comedy:Disliked for his stinginess, Samir finds his life turned upside down when he receives a windfall and launches a television channel.
children:In an underwater village bordering a tropical island, two young turtles and their pals keep their home safe and enjoy adventures in the big, wild sea.
documentary:This doc traces the impact of the Incredible Bongo Band's Apache, which played a key role in the birth of hip-hop after Kool Herc began sampling it.
action:The Biblical story of Samson becomes this sword-and-sandals epic about an Israelite warrior whose God-given brawn is undone by a beautiful temptress.
children:The king’s ship has been taken over by seemingly fearless pirates! Can Bheem find the one thing that might scare them away?
international:Recent retiree Takeshi rediscovers his passion for food and life by getting in touch with his inner warrior and eating what he truly desires.
other:After the Allies invade Italy, the Liri Valley town of San Pietro becomes an example of the brutal effects of combat, both for soldiers and civilians.
comedy:In an effort to honor the family matriarch's dying wish, Urmila and her husband, Shrikant, embark on a quest to find a husband for charismatic yet choosey Sai. But some things are easier said than done.
action:After the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a reluctant soldier's platoon is dispatched on a dangerous mission to repair a hostile village's water system.
drama:When a Bedouin patriarch takes a second bride, his first wife chafes against her changing status while his daughter chases her own dreams of autonomy.
comedy:When a hapless but dedicated talent manager signs his first client who actually has talent, his career finally starts to take off.
other:Returning home from war after being assumed dead, a pilot weds the woman he has long loved, unaware that she had been planning to marry his best friend.
drama:From the depths of addiction to the heights of stardom to underworld entanglements, this biopic traces the checkered past of Indian actor Sanjay Dutt.
crime:Amidst a heroin crisis, Vincenzo Muccioli cared for the addicted, earning him fierce public devotion — even as charges of violence began to mount.
comedy:Passed off as spies, two inept pals are sent to Fiji to rescue a kidnapped bureaucrat. Soon enough, they’re creating more problems than they’re solving.
comedy:They're ordinary husband and wife realtors until she undergoes a dramatic change that sends them down a road of death and destruction. In a good way.
children:When a gift sack full of kittens gives Santa a bad allergic reaction, the kitties have to take over and deliver the presents on time.
children:"Fleeing the family business and an arranged marriage, Santa’s daughter chooses a magical adventure of her own: College."
other:Pac aims to keep Berry Day the happiest day ever by unraveling a curious mystery about his parents and thwarting Betrayus's plan to capture Santa Pac.
children:Young orphan Nicolas learns how to guide a sleigh, slide down chimneys and other duties he'll need when he becomes the next Santa Claus.
action:Two brothers — one a narcotics agent and the other a general — finally discover the identity of the drug lord who murdered their parents decades ago.
comedy:A man whose wife is repeatedly cheating on him turns to his friends for support in this wacky comedy.
drama:A naive Madrid lawyer travels to Africa to search for her younger sister, who has gone missing in a part of Congo plagued by violence and strife.
comedy:Comedian and Trump lip-synching sensation Sarah Cooper tackles politics, race and other light topics in a sketch special packed with celebrity guests.
comedy:In her first comedy special post-health scare, Sarah Silverman shares a mix of fun facts, sad truths and yeah-she-just-went-there moments.
drama:"Paris, 1942: To protect her brother from the police arresting Jewish families, a young girl hides him away, promising to come back for him."
drama:Tasked with unraveling the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, an honorable magistrate finds himself targeted by the shadowy perpetrators.
comedy:When a palatial wedding venue turns out to be haunted, one of the families hosting the wedding hires a fearless Sikh to deal with the ghost.
action:A simple farmer's life becomes complicated after he resolves to save his village from an economic crisis by traveling to Australia to earn money.
drama:Raised in working-class Mumbai, Manisha has an independent spirit that angers her father, who favors Manisha's medical student sister, Mini. Things reach a breaking point when Manisha's father beats her for accepting a modeling contract.
action:A ruthless businessman’s mission to expose electoral fraud brings him into a heated and dangerous political conflict with two corrupt ministers.
drama:An aspiring musician battles age-old caste divides to be able to learn the art of a classical instrument from a traditionalist, veteran percussionist.
drama:An aspiring musician battles age-old caste divides to be able to learn the art of a classical instrument from a traditionalist, veteran percussionist.
drama:In the course of a human trafficking investigation, a conservative cop crosses paths with an artist-activist in a clash of worldviews.
comedy:After several failed attempts to obtain a visa, a man desperate to escape Punjab pays a British woman to marry him so he can move to England.
drama:Based on true events, this moving story centers on a Punjabi family whose celebration of their faith endures in the face of conflicting attitudes.
documentary:An aging blues guitarist and a grad student form an unlikely duo while busking on the street corners of 1980s Harlem.
documentary:Young musicians from 13 states in India demonstrate their cultural heritage by performing regional folk music using traditional instruments.
drama:Friends in their last year of college contemplate the future of their band as they juggle questions of love, work, family and identity.
children:As he rebuilds society in a parallel universe, a superhero must return to Earth to help his equally powerful friend defend the planet from evil rivals.
comedy:The eldest of seven brothers who run a family farm together marries a pretty nurse, inspiring his country-bumpkin siblings to follow his example.
international:A man haunted by his wife's affair moves to Sarajevo and starts to love again, until fate forces him to choose between his new life and old loyalty.
drama:A teen struggling with gender identity and family tensions seeks hope and support in New York City's underground LGBTQ ballroom community.
drama:In this Bollywood drama, a corporate go-getter sees his priorities shift when personal tragedy brings him face-to-face with political corruption.
documentary:Undercover cameras expose public floggings, executions and other brutality in Saudi Arabia, and introduce those risking their own lives for change.
action:A former professional boxer serving time in a brutal labor camp must fight incredible odds to gain his freedom and avenge an act of violence.
comedy:Desperate to support his son, a single father uses his talent with makeup to dress up as a woman to try out for a part in a commercial.
international:Four young men come to the rescue of a former classmate whose family has been sucked into the clutches of a religious cult and its charismatic leader.
other:Pet rescue expert Rocky Kanaka and renovation specialist Rob North travel across North America, transforming animal shelters to help homeless pets.
comedy:Italian comic and satirist Saverio Raimondo regales a Milan crowd with tales of online antics, awkward injuries and white-knuckle flights.
documentary:Former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich meets with Americans from all walks of life as he chronicles a seismic shift in the nation's economy.
comedy:When Walt Disney sets his sights on obtaining the rights to the children's classic Mary Poppins, the book's author proves a tough nut to crack.
drama:A reserved high school freshman acts out when she recovers a diary that offers clues to a secret world that could be behind her sister's murder.
horror:When his wife begins to exhibit alarming behavior, a husband tries to find whether she suffers from a personality disorder or something more sinister.
other:In this reality show, couples overcome obstacles to celebrate their love in surprise dream weddings designed by three experts in less than a week.
comedy:Desperately clinging to her youth, 28-year-old Megan tells her boyfriend she's attending a career seminar but hangs out with a teenage friend instead.
comedy:While running from the law, Sayed begins to work as a house servant to a wealthy family, whose divorced daughter enlists his help in a marriage scheme.
children:A seemingly ordinary girl learns she will turn into a mermaid on her 12th birthday and be forced to leave her life on land behind.
crime:Hit hard by the Lehman shock, a well-meaning young man joins a phone scam operation and gets increasingly embroiled in the underworld.
crime:A powerful team of Washington, D.C. lawyers makes scandals disappear while handling government crises and coping with problems of their own.
other:When a marshal moves back to his hometown, he finds a woman renting his property who refuses to leave but soon captures his affection.
other:This ghoulish but hilarious hidden-camera show from Syfy finds mischievous friends and family members setting up unsuspecting victims for elaborate pranks that use high-quality makeup and special effects to unleash their worst fears upon them.
comedy:When his former partners vote to sell off a pricey piece of stolen jewelry, a thief recruits his grandson to help him retain it and repent for his deed.
comedy:The Wayans brothers spoof some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters, including Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix and American Pie.
comedy:Taking aim at not only the horror genre but also films like Black Swan and Inception, Scary Movie 5 widens the franchise's scope of mockery.
other:Oskar Schindler becomes an unlikely humanitarian, spending his entire fortune to help save 1,100 Jews from Auschwitz during World War II.
comedy:"Suddenly broke, the formerly filthy-rich Rose family is reduced to living in a ramshackle motel in a town they once bought as a joke: Schitt's Creek."
comedy:At a Historically Black College, a student activist and his cousin pledging a fraternity navigate social divides amid parties, protests and conflicts.
comedy:In one of the poorest areas of Paris, a school counselor devotes herself to working with disadvantaged students, while facing challenges of her own.
comedy:The last of his family line, Olaf Schubert doesn't have time for a girlfriend but dutifully searches for one when his father demands offspring.
comedy:Comedian Andrew Schulz takes on the year's most divisive topics in this fearlessly unfiltered and irreverent four-part special.
international:Seeking to recover his memory, a scissor-wielding, hairdressing, bungling quasi-assassin stumbles into a struggle for power among feuding factions.
children:When Daphne's TV show does a segment on real monsters, the gang fires up the Mystery Machine and heads to Moonscar Island, where zombies await.
children:In this animated update of the cartoon classic, Scooby-Doo, Shaggy and their pals solve spooky mysteries in a hamlet bedeviled by supernatural bedlam.
action:The Scorpion King joins forces with a Nubian princess in an all-or-nothing fight to stop a warlord from claiming the souls of the vanquished.
action:Dreamy delivery girl Ramona captures Scott Pilgrim's heart, but he must vanquish all seven of her evil exes in martial arts battles to win her love.
crime:In this new TV series sequel to the classic horror franchise, a cyberbullying incident in Lakewood leads to a murder with chilling echoes of the past.
horror:Gale has written a best-seller which has been turned into a film. As the movie premiere looms closer, the mysterious deaths begin again.
horror:This installment of the tongue-in-cheek horror franchise finds Sidney Prescott once again battling a crazed killer – this time, on a movie set.
documentary:A steroid peddler explains how he went from an unlicensed anti-aging expert to the point man for the biggest scandal in baseball history.
comedy:Four man-children in an elite tactical unit gallivant around Macau for a weekend of debauchery that gets them in trouble with the law.
crime:When her drug-trafficking husband dies, an unassuming woman stakes her own claim in the business in order to care for her gravely ill son.
action:In this dramatic recreation, U.S. Navy SEAL Team 6 trains for a critical mission, then executes a tough nighttime raid on Osama Bin Laden's compound.
comedy:Two guys hope to reunite their friend with his runaway bride, unaware that he's been carjacked, stripped and stranded in the Mexican desert.
children:When a father learns that his 7-year-old son is a whiz at speed chess, he hires an implacable chess master to coach the boy for competitions.
documentary:Decades after Detroit singer-songwriter Rodriguez disappeared following the commercial failure of his albums, two fans try to track down their idol.
action:A group of weary warriors transport a suspected witch believed to be responsible for spreading the devastating Black Plague.
comedy:Argentine comedian Sebastián Wainraich highlights the comedy in everyday life, from minibars to reasons why funerals are better than weddings.
comedy:Sebastian Maniscalco brings an acerbically unique approach to peacocks on planes, life hacks, rich in-laws and life's annoyances in this comedy special.
comedy:With his uproarious tirade on modern behavior and decorum, the popular comic tackles the question we've all asked in this hilarious standup special.
comedy:Sebastian Maniscalco delivers an expressive stand-up at the legendary Beacon Theatre on Whole Foods, family nicknames and dodging obnoxious neighbors.
international:Facing major changes, a mother realizes it's time to live for herself and decides to enroll in college, where she finds her dream as well as new love.
drama:Enchanted by a pretty pianist and the haunting melody she plays, a musical prodigy falls in love. But a secret soon threatens to derail their romance.
international:A married middle-aged woman is swept off her feet, both romantically and artistically, by a gifted young pianist.
international:A student's protest leads to a government scandal that has personal and professional repercussions for one of Australia's toughest journalists.
drama:A former FBI investigator reopens the haunting 13-year-old murder case of his colleague, only to uncover shocking truths hidden since then.
other:When Jennifer wakes up with amnesia after a traumatic attack, her doting husband cares for her. But she soon realizes the danger is far from over.
international:An aspiring actor uses a magical book to transport himself inside the movies he had always dreamed of starring in – but not without consequences.
international:When his sister disappears while working at the Grand Hotel, a man joins the staff to get answers. Inside its posh walls, he finds love and intrigue.
drama:A talented teenage singer-songwriter living amid domestic abuse becomes a YouTube sensation after a video in which she hides her identity goes viral.
international:In 1940 Argentina, a Jewish 17-year-old on vacation with her family falls in love with a young Nazi lawyer staying at the same hotel.
comedy:When three teen outcasts arrive at a hot springs hotel to help run things, creepy incidents prompt comical efforts to find what lurks in their midst.
documentary:Princess Diana's brother, Charles, the ninth Earl Spencer, leads a tour of Althorp House, the manor the Spencer family has called home for 500 years.
documentary:Tales of tragedy and scandal unfold through the history of Chatsworth, a grand estate that has been home to some of England's most noted aristocrats.
other:Join historian Dan Jones on a journey back in time to the zenith of Britain's most iconic structures and their infamous inhabitants.
documentary:The history of this grand 500-year-old palace is inextricably tied to the lavish lifestyle of King Henry VIII and the doomed fates of his six wives.
documentary:This documentary spotlights more than 100 years of operatives and operations in the U.K.'s secret service, the world's oldest intelligence agency.
documentary:Known as the setting of Downton Abbey, Highclere Castle truly was the home of aristocrats and an army of servants, with a rich past to share.
documentary:Revisit famous cases and explore the history of Scotland Yard, one of the world's oldest detective forces and a name synonymous with crime solving.
documentary:American Harry Gordon Selfridge introduced Londoners to a new retail model that made shopping less of a practical pursuit and more of an adventure.
documentary:After unearthing a tomb that had been untouched for 4,400 years, Egyptian archaeologists attempt to decipher the history of the extraordinary find.
documentary:Explore the storied history of the iconic Tower of London as it evolved from a royal castle into a dungeon prison and, finally, an armory and mint.
documentary:Experts examine the ruins and relics hidden beneath London's surface, unearthing a Roman amphitheater, plague pits, air raid shelters and more.
documentary:Take an insider's tour of Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey to discover the little-known history and pageantry of these famous buildings.
action:After taking a job as a mall security guard, a former Marine steps up to protect a young girl who's being hunted by heavily armed mercenaries.
international:A series of mysterious text messages from the future sends ripples through the lives of a delivery woman and an accomplished cyclist.
drama:As two teen prodigies try to master the art of time travel, a tragic police shooting sends them on a series of dangerous trips to the past.
documentary:Explore the public and private sides of feminist firebrand attorney Gloria Allred, who's battled some of the biggest names in politics and business.
action:An aspiring yet aimless actor takes over his ailing father's job as an ambulance driver, unwittingly getting involved in an organ-trafficking network.
anime:Orphans raised by a martial arts master are plunged into a mystery involving demonic powers, drug cartels, ancient rituals and blood sacrifice.
international:Two teen cricket prodigies struggle against their overbearing father and a system stacked against them to realize their own ambitions and identities.
drama:Iconic Mexican-American performer Selena rises to fame as she and her family make sacrifices in order to achieve their lifelong dreams.
drama:An African American washerwoman rises from poverty to build a beauty empire and become the first female self-made millionaire. Based on a true story.
other:A dying tycoon has his consciousness transplanted into the body of a healthy young man, only to make a troubling discovery about the body's origin.
other:The elite real estate brokers at The Oppenheim Group sell the luxe life to affluent buyers in LA. The drama ramps up when a new agent joins the team.
drama:A single mother, her boyfriend and her 8-year-old son take a weeklong resort vacation, during which secrets and relationship strains take their toll.
comedy:Desperate for cash, klutzy private investigator Tekin searches for a wealthy woman's missing girl but faces one surprise and mishap after another.
documentary:This fast-paced documentary profiles Ayrton Senna, one of the greatest drivers in the history of Formula One racing, and a hero in his native Brazil.
crime:From the creators of The Matrix and Babylon 5 comes this tense series in which eight people can telepathically experience each other's lives.
comedy:Davina and Al try to revamp their lives as they struggle with the uncertainties of middle age in this darkly comic adaptation of the British hit.
comedy:Teens of Korean descent who were born and raised in other countries travel to Seoul to learn about their cultural heritage at a summer camp in 1986.
drama:In post-revolution Tehran, a wealthy Jewish businessman is summarily jailed and tortured, but along with his wife, he fights for answers and freedom.
drama:After a terrorist attack in Guatemala, a baby is rendered deaf and motherless and her father is left to raise her alone.
drama:Passions, ideals and bitter realities collide as charismatic UN diplomat Sergio Vieira de Mello becomes trapped in a life-threatening situation in Iraq.
other:Through intense prison interviews, Piers Morgan revisits the crimes of three convicted serial killers and learns more about their motives.
comedy:When a slum dweller spins a web of lies in pursuit of the upward mobility he has long craved, his ruse could be especially dangerous for his young son.
comedy:While her free-living bestie urges her to embrace singlehood, a commitment-craving social media expert can't stop following the life of a former love.
international:After a Ukrainian high school teacher's tirade against government corruption goes viral on social media, he finds himself the country's new president.
comedy:In desperate need of a break from the office, two beleaguered assistants team up to trick their workaholic bosses into falling in love.
drama:When a restaurant owner in Cyprus returns to Beijing to sign divorce papers, a drunk woman he encounters triggers a string of mishaps.
action:A diamond heist goes horribly wrong, and the group of friends who sought to make a fortune must instead fight for their very survival.
comedy:SNL alumnus and subversive master of late-night TV Seth Meyers comes out from behind the desk to share some lighthearted stories from his own life.
comedy:Seth Rogen and friends combine stand-up, sketches and music for an outrageous comedy special that could only come from the mind of Seth.
drama:Meeting after many years, a makeup artist and her grandmother revisit tensions from an old family feud that still hang heavy between them.
comedy:Asked to deliver a package for a friend, Madhu gets her fiancé, Jayaganthan, to take care of it, and he then passes the task to one of his roommates.
drama:Multiple women report their husbands as missing but when it appears they are looking for the same man, a police officer traces their cryptic connection.
drama:Multiple women report their husbands as missing but when it appears they are looking for the same man, a police officer traces their cryptic connection.
drama:Engrossed in her career, a young woman reluctantly yields to her father's plan to set her up on 10 dates to find a suitable husband.
children:A little girl discovers she’s the modern-day descendant of Snow White when seven dwarfs arrive at her suburban home to serve as her guardian angels.
horror:Two teenagers step into a secret closet and emerge in a terrifying alternate reality. They must find their way back before the door shuts forever.
drama:Weighed down by a dark secret, IRS agent Ben Thomas tries to improve the lives of seven strangers in need of a second chance.
crime:The death of a 15-year-old African American boy in Jersey City sets off a police cover-up and a search for the truth.
comedy:A dying father asks his busy and grown children to spend their Sundays with him, forcing his family to confront their issues before it's too late.
comedy:To find his therapy dog, a 17-year-old escapes from juvie and embarks on a journey of reconnection with his brother and grandmother through Cantabria.
action:In the 18th century, apprentice exorcist Tom Ward is the lynchpin in a battle between good and evil when imprisoned witch Mother Malkin escapes.
comedy:Best friends Carrie, Miranda, Samantha and Charlotte take a break from their busy New York lives for an all-expenses-paid luxury vacation to Abu Dhabi.
comedy:When Carrie's big step forward in her relationship goes awry, best friends Charlotte, Miranda and Samantha are there to help her pick up the pieces.
drama:A high-end call girl falls for a handsome man she meets at a nightclub, but he harbors a secret that throws a wrench in their relationship.
comedy:Eager to hook up with a woman he met online, 18-year-old Ian embarks on an epic road trip that speeds straight toward trouble in this raunchy comedy.
other:Insecure Otis has all the answers when it comes to sex advice, thanks to his therapist mom. So rebel Maeve proposes a school sex-therapy clinic.
documentary:From the biology of attraction to the history of birth control, explore the ins and outs of sex in this entertaining and enlightening series.
comedy:Passions flare and alliances form when neighbors Ana and Miguel each start an affair with former lovers, right under their spouses' noses.
comedy:When a dad-to-be learns he's actually a sextuplet, he sets off on a wild journey to meet his long-lost family. Marlon Wayans stars as all six siblings.
international:In the bustling center of Hong Kong, five young women reckon with betrayal, unrequited love and other matters of the heart.
drama:A homeless vet who has PTSD steals a motorcycle and hits the road, trying to sort out what life means now that war is in the rear-view mirror.
drama:Fresh out of juvenile detention in Marseille, 17-year-old Zach falls for a young prostitute and soon faces a dire dilemma while working as a pimp.
drama:When a novelist seeks inspiration by urging his wife to have an affair, the line between his story and his real life grows disconcertingly blurry.
action:As three kingdoms struggle for control of a walled city, a figure with a rare power spins a web of intrigue that entangles a king's court.
crime:This documentary series explores the explosive 2006 murder case of a 13-year-old Israeli girl and the subsequent conviction of a Ukrainian immigrant.
comedy:At large in the city, five inmates of a mental asylum run up against the insanity of the outside world while trying to prevent a terrorist plot.
action:When they're blackmailed after a hit-and-run, a troubled rich girl and her wild friends stage a fake kidnapping with a plan to collect the ransom.
drama:This miniseries recounts the early 19th-century conflict between the expanding British Empire in Africa and Shaka, the leader of the vast Zulu Nation.
drama:A young mother must break free of the clutches of her husband's feudal family and bring herself and her young child to safety.
comedy:This dramedy based on a British series centers on siblings in a dysfunctional Chicago family who struggle while coping with their alcoholic father.
drama:Three disparate characters uncover government corruption as a small Indian town receives an influx of foreign money to turn it into the next Shanghai.
drama:A young man falls for a heroic general and soon follows her footsteps as humans defend Earth against extraterrestrials seeking a precious energy source.
comedy:Unable to bribe his way out of a reckless driving charge, an arrogant rich kid is sentenced to community service at a home for senior citizens.
drama:Hit by a media storm over his own mounting debts, a police officer leads an investigation against the loan sharks behind a sinister credit scheme.
horror:A weekend of beach-house debauchery turns into a nightmare for a group of friends when they discover that the waters are infested with vicious sharks.
drama:When her former lover's mysteriously murdered, a woman must clear her name – and avoid the killer.
other:Join freewheeling Shaun for barnyard misadventures with his cousin Timmy, giant sheepdog Bitzer, jealous cat Pidsley and fellow sheep Shirley.
other:Clever sheep Shaun, loyal dog Bitzer and the rest of the Mossy Bottom gang cook up oodles of fun and mischief on the farm.
children:A trio of mischievous llamas from the county fair start making a mess of the farm, so Shaun and the flock must find a way to boot out the troublemakers.
drama:Courtroom intrigue plays out against a backdrop of military secrets in this Bollywood drama with a plot that's reminiscent of A Few Good Men.
documentary:Over the course of a world tour, this unguarded documentary follows Shawn Mendes as he opens up about his stardom, relationships and musical future.
other:In his hometown of Toronto, Shawn Mendes pours his heart out on stage with a live performance in a stadium packed with adoring fans.
crime:An undercover assignment to expose a drug ring becomes a timid Mumbai constable’s road to empowerment as she realizes her dormant sexuality's potential.
documentary:Go inside the lives of extraordinary, black female entrepreneurs as they discuss building legacies and pioneering a new future for the next generation.
comedy:In order to get her trust fund money from her wealthy but miserly father, a woman enlists a naive young man to help fake her own kidnapping.
children:Soldier Adora finds a magic sword – and her identity as legendary hero She-Ra. She joins the Rebellion, but her best friend stays with the evil Horde.
drama:To make another woman jealous, a campus heartthrob asks a fellow student to be his pretend girlfriend, but fate has other plans for the fake couple.
romance:Nola Darling struggles to stay true to herself and her dreams while juggling three lovers in this Spike Lee series based on his breakout film.
comedy:When average-guy Kirk starts dating drop-dead-gorgeous Molly, his friends don't see it lasting, so Kirk does everything he can to avoid losing Molly.
drama:When his best friend gets stranded in the rain and becomes the subject of a romantic viral video, a morning show host must confront his true feelings.
documentary:Featuring interviews and vintage footage, this documentary traces American icon Carroll Shelby's life of reinvention from farmer to racer to entrepreneur.
horror:A forensic psychiatrist has to think outside the box when she takes on a patient whose multiple personalities lead to a trail of murder victims.
drama:When a young prison guard commits murder in South Africa, an ardent lawyer aims to prove he was psychologically unbalanced by his role in executions.
other:In this updated take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's beloved mystery tales, the eccentric sleuth prowls the streets of modern London in search of clues.
action:The game is afoot for an eccentric detective who must use his brains and brawn to track down a nefarious nemesis with the help of his partner.
drama:When Shankar, who performs on the road with partner Chanchal and elephant Appu, falls for a Russian circus performer, jealousies and conflicts arise.
comedy:A young man who gets tongue-tied around women writes a love letter to his crush, but it ends up in the hands of her mother, who thinks it's for her.
drama:Unfolding in reverse time, this darkly comic crime thriller follows a local sheriff hunting three bank robbery suspects, one of whom is his brother.
documentary:In a talk show straight from the heart, actor and producer Reese Witherspoon visits with groundbreaking women to discuss their inspiring journeys.
drama:A Nigerian musician travels to Brazil to search for his estranged brother, who is living a life very different than the one his family thought.
documentary:In 1992, Sandi Tan and her friends shot a quirky film on the streets of Singapore. Then the footage disappeared, sending her on a hunt for answers.
action:A young man enrolls at a college and becomes a rival to the student-union president, who’s using force and intimidation to advance his criminal agenda.
drama:An older woman's unique friendship with a young boy inspires her to examine the strained relationship she shares with her married son.
crime:A highly decorated ex-Marine sniper returns to action to foil an assassination plot targeting the president, but soon finds himself framed for murder.
action:Based on a true story, this action film follows an incident that stunned a nation in the early 1990s. In Mumbai, India, the notorious gangster Maya holds off veteran cop Khan and a force of more than 200 policemen in a six-hour bloody gunfight.
children:Tiny grocery store items come to life as the Shopkins, who have fun adventures with each other at Small Mart and the magical town called Shopville.
other:In this first full Shopkins movie, Peppa-Mint is the new Shoppie in town who stirs things up by hosting a team cooking competition.
other:Beloved movie star Scarletta Gateau visits Shopville and recruits the Shopkins for a quest through the jungle to the mysterious world of Pawville.
other:The Shopkins and Shoppies jet around the world in search of missing friend Kooky Cookie, a stolen diamond and more vloggable adventure.
comedy:When three small-time Mumbai crooks steal a bag on a train, they find that it's filled with weapons and realize that their lives may be in danger.
drama:A Hindu boy's feelings for a Muslim girl expose the tensions between their two communities and open the door to chaos and violence.
drama:A new charge at a foster care facility dredges up the memories of a young supervisor's own troubled past, and her tough exterior begins eroding.
action:Unexpected wildlife adventures and valuable life lessons await seven city kids when they suddenly become lost in the forest during a school field trip.
children:Chaos erupts when locals learn that an 11-year-old boy has discovered a mysterious rock that grants the wishes of whoever possesses it.
drama:Trying to go straight, a once-successful businessman fresh out of prison is forced to orchestrate a brazen crime or risk his family.
other:Three rival freelance stringers scour the streets at night to film crime scenes, fires, accidents – and anything else they can sell to news outlets.
documentary:Aptly named iconic rock photographer Mick Rock reconstructs his journey through the thrilling and murky universe of rock 'n' roll history.
international:Four ordinary family members find their lives turned upside down when they become overnight millionaires thanks to an unlikely benefactor.
children:The greatest fairy tale never told comes to life in this colorful, song-filled, Tony Award-winning Broadway production based on the hit movie.
international:A Haredi family living in an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood of Jerusalem reckons with love, loss and the doldrums of daily life.
drama:As her own wedding looms on the horizon, a marriage counselor strives to save her future in-laws' crumbling relationship.
drama:An American woman on a revenge mission travels to India and befriends two journalists seeking justice for violent crimes against women.
horror:After killing a young girl in a hit-and-run accident, a couple is haunted by more than just the memory of their deadly choice.
drama:Fourteen years after the woman he loved left him, a married man ventures to Amsterdam to find her but must decide where his heart lies.
drama:As Sarah and her child look to settle in Jakarta, Zaenab searches for answers and gets caught between defending her marriage to Doel or letting it go.
drama:Torn between reuniting with one family and leaving another behind, Doel must choose between the two women he loves.
comedy:When four unhappy couples attend a spiritual retreat at a resort to try and solve their relationship troubles, shenanigans ensue.
drama:When officials are slow to investigate a mysterious disappearance, a teen girl searches the dark woods on the outskirts of town for the boy she loves.
other:After slacker Daniel Glass is misdiagnosed with cancer, his lies lead him into an absurd web of fraud, blackmail, suspicion and misadventure.
children:Armed with a healthy sense of humor and the help of his teacher, friends and family, curious kid Sid tackles questions youngsters have about science.
drama:A principled mathematics teacher is shocked to discover that his grandson used unethical means to achieve academic success.
comedy:A wrong-number text sparks a virtual romance between a smart but unpopular teen and a sweet jock who thinks he's talking to a gorgeous cheerleader.
drama:A policeman's son overcomes his reluctance to join the force following a brutal attack on his father and ends up in the middle of a robbery case.
crime:Communicating via a walkie-talkie that transcends time, a profiler from 2015 and a detective from 1989 join forces to tackle crimes and injustice.
crime:When a young woman's murder shows similarities to a decade-old cold case, a new police commander must break the silence permeating an Owl Mountain town.
action:When a drug lord kidnaps his girlfriend’s daughter, a retired assassin leaves his newly peaceful life to go on a ruthless rampage to rescue the child.
children:Silent is an animated short film created by Academy Award® winning Moonbot Studios. It celebrates how storytellers, inventors, and technology work together to create cinema magic.
horror:Haunted by nightmares and her father's disappearance, Heather goes on the hunt for him – and discovers a disturbing truth about her own identity.
documentary:This documentary tells the story of Compaq Computer and its three founders, who in 1982, took on Goliath IBM at the height of its PC dominance.
comedy:From first crushes to post-marriage relationships, love and connection are at the heart of the four interwoven stories in this anthology film.
romance:When her fugitive husband leaves her homeless and penniless, a once-wealthy woman has no other choice but to join the working class.
comedy:After a stint in a mental hospital, Pat moves in with his parents and tries to win back his wife, until he meets a woman who's as unstable as he is.
crime:Forced to become an apprentice cop, cocky playboy Igor finds he's got a knack for police work. But his job soon takes him down a dark personal path.
children:With his vivid imagination, Simon the rabbit searches for fun while learning about the importance of responsibility and communication.
comedy:Honest, introspective comic Simon Amstell digs deep and delivers a uniquely vulnerable stand-up set on love, ego, intimacy and ayahuasca.
drama:Young and heartbroken, a New Yorker travels to Paris to escape his romantic woes but is soon drawn into another all-consuming attraction.
comedy:Eclectic stand-up comic Manu NNa relays everyday tales about the struggles of being gay in Mexico and shares his love of telenovelas and mezcal.
international:A busy couple tries to give their love life a boost by taking an impromptu weekend trip only to find their relationship tested in unexpected ways.
international:Inspired by a true story, this TV drama shadows a young Colombian woman who goes to shocking lengths to escape a life of poverty.
international:Born into a small town controlled by the mafia, an irate young woman seeks revenge on the forces that tore apart and wrongfully imprisoned her family.
documentary:Legendary crooner Frank Sinatra's life and talent are captured in this documentary series featuring fond memories from friends, family and colleagues.
comedy:Eleven emerging Bangladeshi filmmakers present a collection of gritty shorts centered on the capital city and the people living in its margins.
other:In this fun, fast-paced music contest hosted by Tituss Burgess, players sing their hearts out and try to hit the right notes to win up to $60,000.
international:In this karaoke competition hosted by Palina Rojinski, contestants must hit the right note for a chance to win up to 30,000 euros.
international:In this fast-paced, high-energy karaoke competition, singers from all walks of life battle it out for up to 30,000 euros!
comedy:When his employee disappears in Singapore, Shyam travels from India to investigate the absence and becomes entangled in a deadly plot.
international:Peer into the lives of young Singaporeans as they defy expectations and traverse the tricky terrain of career, romance and family.
action:As the result of a TV journalist's curiosity, the amazing saga of an honorable government tax collector's past comes to light.
action:A police inspector kills himself after a powerful gangster frames him for corruption – but soon the thug faces the full force of cop Bajirao Singham.
comedy:Unemployed and immature, a somewhat pathetic bachelor sets his sights on finding a date for the wedding of his younger, more successful brother.
international:Four best friends and spirited career women navigate the treacherous world of romance – even as it stands in the way of work and friendship.
other:Looking for a second chance at love, four formerly married women are put in various romantic situations then receive feedback from a dating coach.
international:In a luxurious condominium complex with draconian rules forbidding all romance, two residents fall in love and dare to start a secret relationship.
action:Nearly a century after artificial intelligence tried to eradicate people from Earth, two survivors search for a human enclave rumored to still exist.
horror:A single mother and her twin sons move into a rural house, unaware of its history of being inhabited by an evil spirit that preys upon young children.
horror:A psychologist and her mute son confront evil forces at the site of a terrible tragedy involving an ancestral Ouija board and a demonic secret society.
crime:Three teens living in the same São Paulo favela pursue their dreams while maintaining their friendship, amid a world of music, drugs and religion.
horror:A groom-to-be and his pals celebrate with a debauched night out that ends with a supernatural assault by a stripper who is not what she appears to be.
anime:In imperial Tokyo, a group calling themselves Jaegers secretly hunt the vampires seeking the Ark of Sirius. Among them is young werewolf, Yuliy.
drama:After years of estrangement, four sisters gather in the wake of their mother's death, which may or may not have been a suicide.
comedy:After the death of their beloved mother, three foster sisters find their bond tested by old grudges, career tensions and a startling revelation.
comedy:Separated at birth, twin sisters Tia Landry and Tamera Campbell reunite after 14 years and soon move in together, blending families and personalities.
comedy:Two half siblings separated by family conflict cross paths as adults at a fashion agency – but one of them has a vendetta, unbeknownst to the other.
international:"Her dad's deathbed confession leads Julia to discover she has more than 100 brothers and two sisters: troubled TV star Roxy and uptight lawyer Edie."
children:In this silent short set in 1970s Pakistan, 14-year-old Pari longs to be a pilot, unaware that her father plans to marry her off to a much older man.
other:From a theatre play to the aftermath of a plane crash, this collection of shorts from Saudi filmmakers depicts the nuances of Saudi Arabian culture.
documentary:On a quest to find beauty in all complexions, actress Beverly Naya travels to her home country of Nigeria and explores colorism's impact on society.
other:Skin and beauty expert Nurse Jamie and plastic surgeon Dr. Sheila Nazarian use the latest procedures to bring out their clients' best selves.
action:A New Jersey detective whose family was killed by an international gangster teams up with a Bangkok cop on a quest to bring down a criminal empire.
other:Artists test their creativity and body painting skills as they face off in a series of elaborate challenges, vying for a grand prize of $100,000.
other:In each episode of this Skin Wars spinoff hosted by RuPaul, talented artists from various fields compete in body art for the first time.
drama:Deformed, disfigured characters must find a way to deal with society shunning their differences in this darkly comic social drama.
action:To capture a crime lord who killed his partner and kidnapped his partner's daughter, a Hong Kong detective teams with a smart aleck American gambler.
documentary:Known for his spectacular pyrotechnic displays, Chinese artist Cai Guo-Qiang creates his most ambitious project yet in this breathtaking documentary.
action:The security chief at a top-level medical facility must fight to ensure that revolutionary cancer research doesn't fall into the wrong hands.
documentary:From the preparations to the performances, this documentary showcases Vietnamese pop idol Sơn Tùng M-TP and the passion behind his Sky Tour concerts.
documentary:Only a few women pilots take part in the sport of aerobatics. Director Fredric Lean captures their powerful spirit at the World Aerobatic Championships.
children:Travel the vast Skylander universe in this animated series as a ragtag group of academy graduates build trust and heart in their fight against evil.
action:After a wild night of partying, Terry discovers that he's one of the few people left on Earth, then sets out to solve the mystery of what happened.
crime:A hip-hop producer gets hurled into the violent world of organized crime when the record label he signs to becomes the center of a deadly drug business.
comedy:Teen father-to-be Sam imagines his future as a young parent and finds a surprising mentor while reading about his idol, pro skateboarder Tony Hawk.
horror:Rampaging serial killers leave carnage in their wake as their next victims fight to stay alive in this horror anthology series.
comedy:Many years after hooking up in college, two people cross paths and realize they are both serial philanderers who need each other's help to reform.
crime:During a holiday stay at a hotel resort, a flight attendant encounters a wealthy, mysterious man with two different personas.
crime:Haunted by recurring visions, a young woman with insomnia visits an old home to solve a mystery and put her nightmares to an end.
international:Following the death of her child, a grief-stricken woman struggles to find peace until a mysterious boy appears, claiming to be her reincarnated son.
crime:A motivational speaker about to divorce her abusive husband wakes up from a wild party one morning to find a dead body.
comedy:As high school approaches, four best friends have a summer sleepover and participate in a scavenger hunt against their popular archrivals.
drama:A man returns home after being released from a psychiatric hospital, where he'd been confined since age 12 for murdering his mother and her lover.
other:A divorcée moves into a high-rise with a sordid past and begins a steamy affair with her neighbor, unaware that her every move is being monitored.
other:Welcome to the irreverent world of Robert Hall – aka Slobby Robby – a pop culture junkie who buys and sells collectable goods from the '80s and '90s.
drama:Desperate to leave a life of prostitution, a teenage mother attempts to outsmart her ruthless boss who is determined to keep his prized asset.
action:Determined to find the woman he loves, a Scottish teenager braves the Western frontier of 19th-century America, with bounty hunters hot on his trail.
drama:After serving a six-year prison sentence, an ex-cop tries to rebuild his life in his hometown, but gets caught up in the fallout from his past.
action:When the Commando Elite, a group of toy action figures, are released before they've been tested, they attack the children playing with them.
other:When a disgraced ex-cop discovers a dying woman, he's compelled to track down her killer – an act of self-redemption that takes him down a dark path.
comedy:An unexpected romance and a surprise visit from his wild brother turn the life of widowed professor Lawrence Wetherhold upside down.
documentary:Buckle up for a look inside a biannual school bus race in Florida, a harrowing event where carnage and collisions are most definitely encouraged.
drama:Betrayed by the Spanish government he once served, a former secret agent plots to steal millions of dollars embezzled by a corrupt public official.
crime:Seeking a greater justice, a band of homeless assassins flays their human targets and delivers the tattooed skins as proof of a contract fulfilled.
comedy:To keep his teen crush from spotting him in an embarrassing YouTube video, Anthony and his friend Ian must enter the virtual world and alter the clip.
comedy:Family man Devin falls back into his sneaker obsession after his pal Bobby talks him into a wheeling-dealing scheme to score a mythical pair of kicks.
action:After a mission to rescue a U.S. congressman from the Taliban ends with two men left behind, their sniper buddies go against orders to get them back.
children:When a snow day shuts down the whole town, the Wheeler family cuts loose. Hal makes a play for the most popular girl in his school, 10-year-old Natalie takes on the dreaded snowplow man, and Dad gets into a showdown with a rival meteorologist.
drama:This thriller traces Edward Snowden's journey from Army recruit to disillusioned government analyst bent on exposing vast U.S. surveillance programs.
action:The Earth's remaining inhabitants are confined to a single train circling the globe as revolution brews among the class-divided cars.
comedy:Fernando is a family man — equally committed to each of his two families. But one wrong turn brings them crashing together.
comedy:An arranged marriage becomes a friendship for Viren and Aditi, who aren't in love – until they begin having unexpected feelings for each other.
documentary:This documentary follows a trio of teens – a daredevil photographer, an aspiring model and a lonely Ohio girl – and Instagram's impact on their lives.
comedy:Filmed in isolation, this narrative anthology series features both dark and funny takes on how people strive to stay connected while staying apart.
drama:This biographical drama about Indonesia's first president recounts his nationalist crusade to seize independence from Dutch colonial rule.
comedy:Self-deprecating comic Sofía Niño de Rivera puts her sarcasm on full display in this stand-up special filmed live at Guadalajara's Degollado Theater.
comedy:Mexico's Sofía Niño de Rivera brings her dark humor to the stage with jokes about marriage traps, sexually attractive leopards and funny funerals.
children:When her commoner mother marries the king, average-girl Sofia finds that being a real princess isn't all it's cracked up to be.
drama:After being violently separated from the woman he loves, a young man must disguise himself in order to keep meeting her.
action:A young warrior and her familiar search for the sacred place said to fulfill wishes. It's best not to anger the ancient guardians and spirits.
comedy:On the run from Indian police, a mysterious man escapes to Australia and falls in love with the daughter of an Indian criminal who lives there.
drama:In a remote area of the Canary Islands, a surfer falls off a cliff. Fighting to survive, he reflects on his life and past romance. Based on true events.
comedy:A yuppie playboy looks for a quick death after being falsely diagnosed with AIDS by a nurse who was once cheated by the young Casanova.
action:A young Han Solo tries to settle an old score with the help of his new buddy Chewbacca, a crew of space smugglers and a cunning old friend.
action:A young Han Solo tries to settle an old score with the help of his new buddy Chewbacca, a crew of space smugglers and a cunning old friend.
action:In this epic tale, a once-murderous sea captain is holed up in a monastery in retreat from the devil, whom the captain fears is coming for his soul.
children:A 14-year-old takes ownership of a toy company and hires a group of his friends to help him create amazing new toys.
drama:A one-eyed boy and plus-sized girl form a deep connection. But following a brief separation, they reunite as different people.
documentary:Everybody Loves Raymond creator Phil Rosenthal travels the globe to take in the local cuisine and culture of Bangkok, Lisbon, Mexico City and more.
comedy:On the heels of a blindsiding breakup, music journalist Jenny braces for a new beginning – and one last adventure with her closest friends.
crime:In conservative 1950s Spain, the alleged relationship between a young man and a Mexican ballerino creates an uproar of harrowing consequences.
international:After losing his sight and his fiancee in an accident, a man hires a caregiver who mysteriously sounds – and looks – just like his late girlfriend.
comedy:A director and a comedian want to shoot the comedy of the future and make cinema history, but soon run out of resources and run into mission creep.
international:Reunited with her best friend’s younger brother, who’s back from a stint abroad, a recently dumped career woman begins to see him in a new light.
comedy:Still sexy at 60, Harry Sanborn wines and dines women half his age. But a getaway with his girlfriend goes awry when her mother drops in unannounced.
drama:Seven strangers anxiously waiting for their HIV test results decide to bribe the clinic receptionist to get them early, learning one is positive.
crime:A local news producer is given one chance to relive a deadly week and stop a serial killer. If she fails, she'll lose her daughter forever.
international:A language major bickers with – and falls for – a doctoral student as she navigates the ups and downs of love and friendship with college classmates.
comedy:Luminous funnywoman Sommore wows Miami with her unique take on body modification, Internet sex, the world of celebrities and more.
comedy:Self-proclaimed Queen of Comedy Sommore storms the stage to deliver a riotous stand-up performance in Charlotte, North Carolina.
action:A young petty thief who received protection from a notorious inmate in jail is forced to spring his defender from prison and help pull off a heist.
drama:To escape conviction on criminal charges, a businessman agrees to aid a risky police mission, but his motives soon turn suspicious.
documentary:Get inspired as musicians dig deep into the creative process of songwriting and reveal their intimate thoughts in a series based on the hit podcast.
drama:While fighting crimes against women in Delhi, a short-fused policewoman and her level-headed female boss grapple with gender issues in their own lives.
anime:"A mission gone awry transports Sonic the Hedgehog, his friends, Dr. Eggman and the Chaos Emeralds to another dimension: Earth."
documentary:Passion is an understatement. Meet the folks who wanted a Major League Soccer club in Philadelphia so badly, they became fans before it even existed.
international:Three wealthy, power-hungry men tussle for sovereignty amid corrupt politics, passionate desires and family obligations.
drama:This biopic on former Indian field hockey player Sandeep Singh follows the athlete’s hard-fought comeback after an accidental gunshot left him paralyzed.
drama:"After losing his father, a genius yet troubled aviation engineer suffering from loneliness tackles a complex project: love."
international:When freshman engineering student Kongpob stands up to older bully Arthit, their confrontation soon leads to a deep attraction between the two boys.
anime:Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die.
horror:During Mexico's War of Independence, a group of men face unimaginable horrors when they attempt to steal from the seemingly helpless Cordero sisters.
drama:Hawaiian teen Bethany Hamilton bravely returns to competitive surfing after losing her left arm in a vicious shark attack.
horror:Two siblings invite friends to their inherited, remote country home, but the fun stops when the group summons a demonic force from an old spellbook.
romance:Love, loss and transformative luck intersect in this musical drama about two struggling artists experiencing life at full volume in Los Angeles.
documentary:A dizzying chronicle of excess and deception dissects a fascinating case of fine-wine fraud and the con man who cheated investors out of millions.
other:The BattlBox crew tests out products designed to help people survive dangerous situations, including explosions, natural disasters and intruders.
action:A retired engineer agrees to help NASA prevent a Russian satellite from falling to Earth if he and his over-the-hill pals can man the mission.
comedy:A four-star general begrudgingly teams up with an eccentric scientist to get the U.S. military's newest agency — Space Force — ready for lift-off.
children:A broken spaceship strands four very tiny aliens on Earth, where they discover an adventure (and strange dangers!) that they never expected.
children:Spaceships Eagle, Robyn, Hawk and their pals at the Stardust Space Academy rocket through the galaxy, teaching kids about the wonders of science.
comedy:Spanish provincialism is put into the spotlight as a man from the Basque Country embarks on a mission to keep his daughter from marrying a Catalan.
international:A young woman's life gets a jump-start after she and a musical genius are both struck by the same falling star. But will the side effects derail love?
drama:In 1950s Harlem, three singing sisters hit the big time and end up losing one another in this musical melodrama inspired by the Supremes.
drama:A middle-aged boxer with a mixed record becomes a champion's sparring partner while dreaming of one last chance to end his career with a victory.
crime:While investigating the mysterious death of a teacher, a grizzled detective gets caught up in the world of a high-stakes virtual reality game.
action:A Thracian man is condemned to a brutal death in the arena, only to outlast his executioners and be reborn as the enslaved gladiator Spartacus.
comedy:A young gay man with cerebral palsy branches out from his insular existence in hopes of finally going after the life he wants.
drama:In this fact-based crime drama, a gang of con artists posing as government officials executes a heist in the form of a raid on a prominent jeweler.
comedy:When they lose their passports, a bickering radio team invents phony reports from a combat zone in a ruse that becomes increasingly complicated.
action:When an otherworldly force wreaks havoc on a war-torn European city, an engineer teams up with an elite Special Ops unit to stop it.
international:A group of teens get caught up in a supernatural clash as vengeful spirits from centuries past rise up in the Liberdade district of São Paulo.
comedy:Fed up with the hypocrisy of the adults around them, three creative high school misfits revive an old debate club as a way to fight back.
documentary:This daredevil documentary trails behind and into the minds of the biggest names in one of the world's most dangerous sports, superbike racing.
children:Following four hopeful competitors, this documentary explores Indian Americans' decades-long success at the biggest spelling contest in the U.S.
action:Spenser, an ex-cop and ex-con, teams up with aspiring fighter Hawk to uncover a sinister conspiracy tied to the deaths of two Boston police officers.
drama:The arrival of an enigmatic struggling musician in Malibu shakes the ground beneath the feet of a teenage girl and her surfer boyfriend.
international:A spoiled young woman steps in to save her family’s restaurant with her cooking and tasting skills while balancing her complicated love life.
action:The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains in the third installment of the blockbuster adventure series.
action:After being bitten by a radioactive spider, Brooklyn teen Miles Morales gets a crash course in web-slinging from his alternate-dimension counterparts.
drama:A figure skating Olympic hopeful struggles to balance love, family and fragile mental health as her dream of winning takes a dizzying hold.
children:Find the fun and adventure of Spirit Riding Free in this mix of music videos and short episodes featuring Lucky and all of her friends!
children:Join Lucky and her friends on an interactive mission to save Maricela’s beloved mare from greedy horse thieves who've taken her captive with a wild herd.
children:A new chapter begins for Lucky and her friends as they leave Miradero behind to live and learn at the prestigious Palomino Bluffs Riding Academy.
children:Lucky and friends must figure out how to get home in time for Christmas when a falling boulder – and a serious snowstorm – derail their travel plans.
children:In a small Western town, spunky ex-city girl Lucky forms a tight bond with wild horse Spirit while having adventures with best pals Pru and Abigail.
international:Psychic Hiroyuki Ehara leads various celebrities through spiritual consultations, probing into their issues and spotlighting their accomplishments.
documentary:In this epic documentary, last-surviving veterans trace the history of a legendary fighter aircraft that dominated the air during the Battle of Britain.
comedy:Struggling writer Wally Spivak is stuck in a rut – until he meets an engaged couple and starts to see life in a whole new way.
children:Curious pals Splash, Bubbles, Dunk and Ripple have fun exploring new places, making new friends and learning all about their amazing ocean home.
horror:After committing suicide, a washed-up rocker returns from the grave to torment the five people who betrayed him in life.
children:When a green cat and three stray kittens wind up at Holiday Hill Farm, Spookley the Square Pumpkin and his friends help the felines find their way home.
children:When a storm terrorizes his patch, a pumpkin cast out for his shape must step up to use his smarts to save the day – and to prove himself.
crime:The law-abiding owner of a crime scene cleaning service is forced into business with a powerful mob boss thanks to his irresponsible older brother.
drama:A team of reporters and editors at the Boston Globe relentlessly investigate a shocking child molestation cover-up by the Catholic Church.
comedy:Four cash-strapped college women run afoul of the law — and fall in with a shady hustler — as they join the annual rite of bikinis, beer and debauchery.
other:Bruce Springsteen shares personal stories from his life and acoustic versions of some of his best-known songs in an intimate one-man show.
drama:When a Jamaican teen hopes to use track to reunite him with his mother in America, family dysfunction at home threatens to knock his plans off course.
children:The tables are turned when pint-sized kids Carmen and Juni must rescue their secret-agent parents from the diabolical clutches of Alexander Minion.
children:Spy kids Carmen and Juni Cortez team up with two other pint-size secret agents, Gary and Gerti Giggles, in order to take on an evil scientist.
children:Carmen gets caught in a virtual reality game designed by the kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker, and it's up to Juni to save her by beating the game.
children:Former Spy Kids Carmen and Juni return to help twin siblings Rebecca and Cecil Wilson save the world with their retired secret-agent stepmother.
children:In this animated spinoff series, Juni and Carmen Cortez must battle the evil organization S.W.A.M.P. – without the help of their super-spy parents.
action:When his girlfriend dumps him for being a bore, a working stiff discovers that his father is a secret agent and a dangerous thug is targeting them.
action:When an Intelligence Bureau officer’s phone-tapping day job leads him to a serial killer, he must track down and thwart the murderer’s next steps.
horror:Unwed and pregnant, a young woman flees her abusive home in 1950s Georgia and takes refuge at a mysterious convent with a terrible secret.
other:After a popular morning television host bumps into an old acquaintance with a dark past, her professional and personal lives begin to unravel.
comedy:Brian Regan blends his trademark observational stand-up with short sketches and a bit of audience interaction in this hybrid comedy series.
action:After witnessing an assassin's slaughter, a young girl holes up in a farmhouse with a suicidal vet, who must use wits and guts to fend off the killer.
documentary:Four astronomers from England celebrate 50 years of friendship and achievement by taking a reflective road trip through the American Southwest.
other:Led by unflappable Capt. Kirk, the crew of the starship Enterprise delves deep into the far reaches of space to explore new worlds and civilizations.
action:In this Star Trek spin-off, Commander Sisko leads the multi-species crew of Deep Space Nine, a Federation space station with a complex mission.
other:Capt. Archer and his crew explore space and discover human innovation-expanding technologies as they meet new alien races in this Star Trek prequel.
action:Decades after the adventures of the original Enterprise crew, Capt. Jean-Luc Picard leads a new Enterprise on missions to explore unknown worlds.
action:On Voyager's 75-year journey back to Earth, the crew members encounter unknown species as they draw closer to a mysterious quadrant of space.
action:As the remnants of the Resistance flee Kylo Ren and the First Order, Rey seeks out Luke Skywalker – but he wants nothing more to do with the Force.
romance:The passionate love between an alien boy and a human girl grows more and more dangerous as they face the wrath of their families and communities.
children:When colorful villains come out to play, 8-year-old Zoey has the power to transform into StarBeam, a kid-sized superhero. She saves the day, every day!
children:Greedy Captain Fishbeard is stealing everybody's Halloween treats for himself, but StarBeam and Boost have some tricks up their sleeves to save the day!
action:To win his true love's heart, wide-eyed Tristan Thorn journeys to a forbidden realm to retrieve a fallen star that has taken human form.
other:Stargate Command roars into action when Jack O'Neill and his crew find a Stargates map that lets them combat alien maneuvers all across the galaxy.
drama:A British juvenile offender's violent temper gets him transferred to an adult prison, where he encounters his estranged father.
documentary:This documentary follows a group of hunters as they grapple with the complexities, controversies, and contradictions of pursuing animals in the wild.
action:New undercover cop partners Starsky and Hutch must overcome their differences to solve an important case with help from street informant Huggy Bear.
international:Young entrepreneurs aspiring to launch virtual dreams into reality compete for success and love in the cutthroat world of Korea's high-tech industry.
drama:An architecture student and a history professor fall in love, pursue a dream, split up and bump into each other years later. Can there be a second chance?
international:Four strangers — a woman on the run, a brave refugee, a driven bureaucrat and a struggling dad — intersect at an Australian immigration detention center.
international:Ex-con Joris returns to his Swiss hometown, a community obsessed with American culture and ideals, to start over and save his family's gas station.
other:Designer Genevieve Gorder and real estate expert Peter Lorimer show property owners how to turn their short-term rentals into moneymaking showstoppers.
international:She's the most unlikely candidate to ever stumble into the role of a reporter, and she’s keeping everyone on their toes with her eccentric ways.
documentary:This moving documentary chronicles the unshakeable romance between a couple who met and fell in love while imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp.
documentary:Journalists expose how smugglers, dealers, collectors and scholars promote plunder of ancient artifacts from war-torn Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
children:Thomas and the steam trains spring into action when Porter and the diesel engines run into a series of accidents that throw their deliveries off track.
action:Amid a coup, a North Korean agent escapes south with the country's injured leader in an attempt to keep him alive and prevent a Korean war.
comedy:Brennan and Dale might be grown men, but that doesn't stop a childish sibling rivalry from erupting after Brennan's mom marries Dale's dad.
comedy:A down-on-his-luck man reads a book, only to have its characters materialize and take over his life.
comedy:With her Harvard Law dreams on the line, a black sorority leader agrees to help a rhythmically challenged sisterhood win a step dance championship.
horror:A menacing, unseen force stalks a young girl living by herself in a suburban house, where she's surrounded by reminders of her once-happy family.
international:Erik's peaceful rural family life is shaken by the arrival of sinister figures who claim to know him and a mysterious friend who may not even exist.
drama:By keying in on three crucial points in his career, this biopic shows the human foibles and visionary fearlessness of the man who made the Mac.
comedy:Longtime pals and showbiz icons Steve Martin and Martin Short share countless quips, catchy tunes and hilarious stories about their lives in comedy.
drama:In post-Partition Kolkata, a young Bengali poet from an urban colony wanders the city in search of the woman he loves and a channel for his sorrows.
horror:A haunted hotel, a body in a water tank, a nightclub fire and a prison death comprise four horror tales taken from Thailand's newspaper headlines.
other:Scottish pensioners Jack and Victor make the most of their golden years, getting themselves into all kinds of scrapes in their Glasgow suburb.
comedy:This celebration of the groundbreaking comedy show Laugh-In stars Lily Tomlin, Snoop Dogg, Billy Crystal, Tiffany Haddish, Neil Patrick Harris and more.
documentary:After noting a strange odor in his child’s pajamas, a single dad’s search for the source uncovers potentially toxic secrets of the chemical industry.
children:"Six teenage groms come together one summer to share a dream: to work at the world-renowned Surfer's Paradise Resort on the legendary Sunset Island."
crime:Searching for his kidnapped daughter, Antonio sets off a series of events affecting scores of people when he maneuvers to be sent to prison in Colombia.
children:Woody sets out to become the Stone Age's best animal trainer with a little help from his faithful pet dinosaur, Moga.
horror:In 1899, a young doctor arrives at an asylum for an apprenticeship and becomes suspicious of his mentor's methods while falling for a female patient.
documentary:An athlete dupes the world with his tale of miraculous recovery from cancer, becoming a sports hero and beacon of hope, but can he outpace the truth?
international:In Canada, a colorful collection of treasure-seeking scavengers bid on the largely unknown contents of repossessed and abandoned storage units.
international:The writings of Nobel Prize winner Rabindranath Tagore come to life in this collection of tales set in early-20th-century Bengal.
comedy:When an astrologer gives him one year to find a mate or face being alone forever, a professor sets out to find a bride despite serious obstacles.
children:Characters from the popular StoryBots apps for early childhood education give musical lessons on math, science, history, behaviors, emotions and more.
comedy:When a gay brainiac with OCD questions his identity, he enters a romantic relationship with a woman, leaving sex and physical intimacy out of it.
drama:A young woman rattles her former boyfriend’s family when she reveals she is pregnant with his child — despite his death five years ago.
drama:When their college-age daughter suddenly begins acting erratically and is diagnosed with schizophrenia, a desperate couple seeks treatment for her.
drama:A grieving mother takes a road trip with her friend to confront the man who, she believes, stole her late son's business idea to get rich.
crime:With the help of a gutsy female detective, a prosecutor who has lost the ability to feel empathy tackles a murder case amid political corruption.
comedy:As a writer ponders how to kill off her main character, the man begins hearing her voice in his head and realizes that his days are numbered.
horror:When a young boy vanishes, a small town uncovers a mystery involving secret experiments, terrifying supernatural forces and one strange little girl.
international:Unpleasant events disturb the life of an aspiring crime fiction writer when he becomes a resident of an apartment building teeming with shady neighbors.
children:Join Strawberry Shortcake and her berry best friends in the whimsical land of Berry Bitty City, where they learn about teamwork and decision-making.
drama:In 1976 Beirut, after a rendezvous with her old flame, soon-to-wed Noha witnesses a violent incident and changes course on a path to self-realization.
comedy:Once a year, men in a small town fear abduction by an eccentric female spirit. A young tailor dismisses the idea of the ghost – until he falls for her.
drama:Three brothers – a gangster, a scholar and an impressionable teen – learn hard lessons in the gritty suburbs while searching for the means to survive.
documentary:Embark on a global cultural journey into street food and discover the stories of the people who create the flavorful dishes.
documentary:In this vibrant docuseries, Latin American chefs tell their stories and bring a taste of tradition and innovation to their delicious offerings.
children:Jake Armstrong and his best friends are unexpectedly transformed into superheroes who learn to reach far beyond the limits of any ordinary teenager.
children:Villains are rampaging through Charter City and the Flex Fighters – Jake, Ricardo and Nathan – need your help to halt the chaos.
other:Dumped by his partner just before a major dance competition, gifted hoofer Scott Hastings is forced to take a graceless neophyte as his new partner.
documentary:A quarter-century later, this documentary relocates the male dancers who backed Madonna on her 1990 Blond Ambition tour, as seen in Truth or Dare.
other:After losing everything, an indolent sad sack impulsively joins the U.S. Army and cajoles his best friend into enlisting, too.
comedy:A former FBI employee works as a stripper to finance her custody battle for her daughter when a secretly shady congressman takes an interest in her.
other:Gabrielle Reece hosts a transformative competition of tough fitness challenges as 10 women partner with 10 elite personal trainers.
crime:Born with supernatural strength, Bong-soon fights evil and procures justice while getting tangled in a love triangle with her CEO boss and cop crush.
documentary:The forces of family, grief and racial injustice converge in this powerful documentary exploring the murder of filmmaker Yance Ford's brother.
action:After a tough upbringing, natural-born fighter José Aldo confronts his personal demons in his quest to become an MMA champion in this sports biopic.
international:Two gutsy food delivery workers strive to overcome their socioeconomic disadvantages to achieve big goals – and bump into love along the way.
documentary:From Spain's countryside to Scotland's stony terrain, this collection of uplifting documentaries explores the cultural roots of great strongman traditions.
documentary:Artists in LA discover the work of forgotten Polish sculptor Stanislav Szukalski, a mad genius whose true story unfolds chapter by astounding chapter.
children:Mr. and Mrs. Little want to adopt a brother for their only child but get more than they bargained for when they take in a mouse with an attitude.
children:Zany misadventures are in store as lovable city mouse Stuart and his human brother, George, raise the roof in this sequel to the 1999 blockbuster.
comedy:Entrenched in a midlife crisis, Aziz seeks solace from his mundane job, lonesome friends and rowdy family while pretending to have his act together.
documentary:This documentary follows the rapid rise and fall of the Manhattan discotheque and the glittery debauchery that attracted the city's eccentric and elite.
children:An aspiring actress is admitted to a prestigious conservatory but must pay her tuition by working as a performer for an unusual company.
other:"When it comes to daring stunts and outrageous pranks, we often wonder: What were they thinking? This high-octane series tries to find some answers."
anime:In this anime visual album, a mysterious driver heads deep into a postapocalyptic hellscape toward a ferocious showdown with two monstrous opponents.
other:Whether styling superstars or elevating A-list homes, couple Jason Bolden and Adair Curtis of JSN Studio connect famous clientele with the chicest looks.
action:After a near-death trip home, a Marine looking to help his comrade survive returns to the underground world of MMA, where new battles await.
drama:A grueling battle over turning a seaside town near Rome into a gambling paradise exposes criminal rivalries and endemic corruption on a grand scale.
crime:In 2008, a fight over land in a seaside town near Rome spirals into a deadly battle between organized crime, corrupt politicians and the Vatican.
comedy:When his boyhood crush Ern returns, Ped forms a band with his friend to impress her. Romantic rivalries bloom after the talented Ern joins the group.
comedy:When a soccer club manager brings one of his injured foreign players home to recuperate, they form an unlikely bond despite their cultural differences.
international:A car accident sends four lawyers spiraling in different directions as they scramble to rebuild their shattered lives.
drama:At the beginning of the 20th century, circumstances drive a young, idealistic suffragette to find radical approaches to fighting male oppression.
children:Talented sugar artists compete for $10,000 over two rounds of competition — candy and sugar sculpture — in this Sugar Rush spinoff special.
other:Time's the most important ingredient as teams race against the clock – and each other – to bake up the best-tasting sweets.
other:It's everything you love about Sugar Rush – with a holly jolly holiday twist – in this Christmas-themed spin on competitive baking.
international:A failed businessman must kill himself to pay off a loan shark or his family will die, but a detective discovers the case turns on a shocking secret.
drama:Waiting for news of her prisoner-of-war husband, a French woman in Nazi-occupied France reluctantly falls for a German officer quartering in her home.
international:A renowned corporate attorney at a prestigious firm gambles on a dropout with a photographic memory but no law degree to help on high-stakes cases.
comedy:A group of 20-somethings in a small town experience a variety of personal and relationship issues leading up to a gathering at the local watering hole.
drama:When a quirk of fate kicks the Danish national soccer team into the European Championship final, the coach must whip his unprepared squad into shape.
international:Two young adults from very different backgrounds fall in love during a summer on Italy’s Adriatic Coast. Inspired by Federico Moccia's book series.
comedy:Rejected by the Marines but eager to serve his country after 9/11, a simple-minded man performs amateur terrorist surveillance with a young runaway.
drama:Decades after being abandoned as a young child, Chiara finds her mother and asks her to spend 10 days together in a remote location.
other:This docuseries follows English soccer club Sunderland through the 2017-18 season as they try to bounce back after relegation from the Premier League.
documentary:A trio of filmmakers treks across India to explore the correlation between vanishing rivers, massive energy projects and renewable energy sources.
other:Furry little bunnies hop through wild adventures as they find solutions, fun and sometimes mischief wherever there is light.
drama:While investigating a child kidnapping, a Mumbai police inspector is haunted by a shadowy dream figure and memories of his own abducted daughter.
children:In this 3D-animated spinoff from the Chhota Bheem series, valiant superhero Bheem goes beyond his village to fight the good fight across the universe.
children:Hoping to find a magical root, a monster has captured farmers in the land of Vyom. It’s up to Bheem and the gang to foil his plan and save the kingdom!
drama:A tragic accident drives a wedge between two teenage boys, threatening a friendship that had seemed firm and unshakeable.
comedy:Sex, stigma and spirituality merge in these eccentric stories of an angsty teenager, an unfaithful wife and a transgender woman returning to her past.
international:In this adult animated series, three gay co-workers lead double lives as drag queen superheroes, saving the LGBTQ community from evil nemeses.
children:Preschool kids whose parents are the world's most famous monsters try to master their special powers while preparing for kindergarten.
children:Christmas wishes come true for Lobo, whose favorite cousin arrives for a surprise visit, and for Glorb, who wishes he could be everywhere at once!
children:The Super Monsters welcome Vida to her new home in Pitchfork Pines with a tour of their favorite places, then help her through her first day at school.
children:On the first night of spring, the Super Monsters gather for food, fun and games in the park – and get to meet their adorable new pets!
children:Sing along and move to this groovy collection of music videos featuring monster friends Katya, Lobo, Zoe, Drac, Cleo and Frankie!
children:The adorably magical Monster Pets star in a series of short adventures that are big on fun – and full of surprises!
children:It's Christmas Eve in Pitchfork Pines, and the Super Monsters are joining forces to deck the halls, find Santa's missing reindeer and save the holiday!
children:The Super Monsters use their powers to get their neighbors in the Halloween spirit, then help a nervous friend see there's nothing to be afraid of.
children:The Super Monsters celebrate Día de los Muertos in Vida’s hometown with her magical family, some new monster friends and a spook-tacular parade!
children:When Santa needs serious help prepping all of his presents, the Super Monsters lend a hand — and some monster magic — to get every gift out on time!
children:A new class of pint-sized preschoolers arrives at Pitchfork Pines, and the Super Monsters take their superpowers to the next level — the Purple Room!
children:The Super Monsters share their Halloween traditions with Vida, then get invited to a Día de los Muertos party in the Howlers' backyard.
comedy:A loving, concerned American grandson travels to Mumbai to rescue his unappreciated grandmother from her drudgery and fulfill her true potential.
children:A cheerful jet and his transforming pals strive to find peaceful solutions to their problems while delivering packages to children around the globe.
comedy:Hoping to have sex before college, high school seniors Seth and Evan try to score booze for a huge party, leading to a series of wild misadventures.
action:To get away from the thug life, cocaine dealer Youngblood Priest puts together one last deal that will net him enough money to start over.
action:"To avert a disaster, Kara Danvers reveals her powers and true identity: She is Superman's cousin, now known as Supergirl, protector of National City."
action:In this adaptation of the comic strip, Juan López must balance an office job with heroic feats to save the love of his life and native planet Chitón.
action:When Superman returns to Metropolis, he finds that Lois Lane has moved on to another man and Lex Luthor is developing a new plan to rule the world.
other:In this iconic game show, contestants answer food trivia questions then race against the clock while stuffing their carts for massive grocery gains.
other:Siblings Dean and Sam crisscross the country, investigating paranormal activity and picking fights with demons, ghosts and monsters.
other:This series examines the aerodynamics of flight and the evolutionary processes that have enabled certain species to survive by taking to the skies.
comedy:A socially awkward Catholic schoolgirl vows to win a dreamy classmate’s affections by taking first prize at an upcoming talent show.
comedy:A group of small-town students goes for glory by competing in a statewide kabaddi tournament 25 years after their school's championship victory.
drama:A renowned music teacher mentors a promising young singer, but when her fame begins to overshadow his own, he lets jealousy and competition take over.
drama:Hoping to fulfill her deceased mother's final wish, a young woman travels to Prague to deliver an old letter to a mysterious man.
children:This Oscar-nominated animated comedy goes behind the scenes at the Penguin World Surfing Championship to get a close-up look at the inventors of surfing.
drama:After saving an unwed expectant mother who's injured in a car accident, a happily married man takes her as his second wife – without telling his first.
drama:In this sequel to the award-winning 2015 film, Pras, Arini and Meirose face new challenges that could change the dynamic of their unique love triangle.
documentary:What happens after we die? This docuseries explores personal stories and research on near-death experiences, reincarnation and paranormal phenomena.
crime:As the Medellín Cartel crumbles, Pablo Escobar's No. 1 hit man struggles to stay alive and gain respect in the prison hierarchy.
crime:In this documentary series on the tangled history of allegations against musician R. Kelly, women give detailed accounts of sexual and mental abuse.
crime:As more women come forward with harrowing accusations against R. Kelly, his criminal case gains momentum in this follow-up to the powerful docuseries.
documentary:From public protests to viral movements, the aftermath of the R. Kelly docuseries is explored in this special featuring journalists and experts.
other:In this long-running reality competition series, players battle the elements and each other as they vie for $1 million and the title of Sole Survivor.
documentary:Former inmates, officers and celebrities critique the U.S. prison system in this documentary packaged as a how-to handbook for the incarcerated.
documentary:Beyond her larger-than-life persona, this documentary reveals the woman behind the famed event planner, and her legacy as a cultural icon and activist.
documentary:Chef Rick Bayless, farmers and others discuss the history leading to the sustainable food movement and how it could change what we eat in the future.
horror:After a pregnant woman is murdered, her spirit seeks revenge against her increasingly terrified killers, who are determined to finish her off for good.
international:A minister who researches religious cults turns to his Buddhist monk friend for help investigating a new group with mysterious origins.
drama:An Americanized NASA scientist returns to his native India on a business trip and searches for the nanny who helped raise him.
drama:After she enters into an arranged marriage, a spirited and intellectual young woman tries to adjust to life with a man who was not her choice.
international:Born into poverty and denied an education, a village boy overcomes society’s obstacles to become India’s foremost spiritual guru, revered by millions.
comedy:Trailer Park Boys John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells and Mike Smith host this foulmouthed live kick-off of their Web-based Swearnet network.
comedy:After losing a TV network deal, the Trailer Park Boys launch their own Internet series, but they soon confront personal and creative differences.
drama:After being falsely imprisoned, a vengeful murderer covers his tracks by enlisting the help of a baker whose meat pies become the toast of London.
romance:Lifelong friends Maddie, Helen and Dana Sue lift each other up as they juggle relationships, family and careers in the small, Southern town of Serenity.
drama:In a remote Alaskan town reeling from a sudden triple murder, a former rodeo champ befriends a lone newcomer with a violent occupation.
horror:A woman shipwrecked on a remote island discovers she’s not alone and begins a fight for survival against a deadly presence that emerges each night.
comedy:When two college roommates develop a groundbreaking hookup app, casual affairs – and complications – soon run rampant on campus.
comedy:A washed-up corpse with surprising abilities gives a hopeless man stranded in the wilderness someone to talk to – and a newfound reason to live.
international:High schooler Ayumi's perfect world evaporates when her envious classmate Zenko somehow steals her body, her boyfriend and her life.
anime:A video game whiz helps create a new technology that enables players to guide their online avatars with their own bodies – but a dark twist emerges.
anime:College student Karen takes up Gun Gale Online and gets a reputation as the Pink Demon. Then her gaming buddy Pitohui asks her to join the Squad Jam.
action:Haunted by the past, a master swordsman masks his identity to work anonymously as a janitor in a brothel, setting in motion a violent chain of events.
action:Shaolin warrior Tung Chien-chen is injured in battle against the hated Wu Tang clan, and nursed back to health by a knife-throwing master. As he recovers, Tung learns this deadly art, and also falls in love with his teacher's daughter.
action:Determined to get his mitts on $9 billion in a secret DEA account so he can fight terrorism, a rogue agent recruits an encryption expert to hack in.
anime:A young man becomes host to a legendary infernal sword and, with the fate of humanity now in his arm, wields its demonic power against his enemies.
drama:When a man outgrows a childhood friendship and commits to marrying his girlfriend, obsession and spiritual warfare soon disrupt his peaceful life.
children:Aliens fleeing their planet land on Earth, pose as teenagers and fight off mutant space monsters by joining forces to become a powerful giant robot.
drama:Traumatized, violent and yearning for love, 9-year-old Benni bonds with a gruff mentor as child-services workers struggle to find her a home.
drama:Businessman Manav falls for aspiring singer Mansi, but their romance faces an uphill climb when Manav must depart and Mansi's suave manager moves in.
drama:When daydreamer Ishaan is sent to boarding school, an unconventional art teacher tries to help the imaginative student discover his true identity.
international:When a young woman with amnesia becomes a key figure in a missing persons case, she must reconstruct her memories to clear her name.
documentary:Many of the most popular taco styles have long, rich, little-known histories. Explore some of them in this eye-opening, mouth-watering food adventure.
drama:After his family's donkey is confiscated by a moneylender, 8-year-old Tahaan travels across conflict-torn Kashmir to find his beloved pet.
international:In and around Lucknow University in 1989, couples of varying ages explore the politics of love through marriage, budding romances and friendships.
comedy:With his simulated kidnapping business flagging, an entrepreneur jumps at a weekend abduction opportunity – only to find the job isn't what it seems.
comedy:Set in the financial boom of the late 1980s, this tale centers on a recent college grad trying to figure out what to do with his life.
international:Bickering siblings Shi Miao and Shi Fen tackle friendship matters, school drama and the pitfalls of growing up with little parental supervision.
comedy:Two buddies working dead-end cashier jobs endure a mind-blowing series of events on their quest to get to the hip-hop show of their lives.
documentary:Through firsthand accounts and analysis, this football documentary details the dominance of FC Barcelona from 2008-2012 under manager Pep Guardiola.
documentary:In a hypercompetitive world, drugs like Adderall offer students, athletes, coders and others a way to do more – faster and better. But at what cost?
crime:After a personal tragedy upends his life, a highly skilled former Green Beret is drawn into a career as a secret government operative.
action:A motley crew of bank robbers plans their next heist after a former colleague convinces them to target an armored car carrying $20 million.
international:In Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, a young aspiring filmmaker and his circle of friends grapple with family expectations, gender roles, romance and rivalry.
drama:Set in the jumbled landscape of Mumbai, this mystery drama centers on a police inspector who's trying to cope with the collapse of his marriage.
drama:The stakes are high — on stage and off — when a group of talented young musicians face off for an inter-school talent competition.
documentary:Follow renowned photographers as they explore far-flung locales, capturing extraordinary images that present nature and culture in a new light.
other:Buckle up for an anthology of socially conscious horror stories that focus on the perils of racial injustice and the price of ignorance.
drama:Returning to San Francisco after a long absence, Mary Ann Singleton reunites with the community of characters at 28 Barbary Lane.
drama:In 1976, naive Mary Ann Singleton moves to San Francisco and finds a new family in her bohemian landlady and the eclectic residents at 28 Barbary Lane.
children:Full of funny one-liners and always ready for an adventure, a talking cat and his equally chatty animal cohorts set out to become famous.
children:After years of slouching through life, 6-foot-1 teen Jodi resolves to conquer her insecurities and gets caught up in a high school love triangle.
drama:While searching for her ex-boyfriend, a young drifter impulsively kidnaps a baby from a neglectful mother and pretends the child is her own.
action:A man and a woman on the run from the law are drawn to each other through the common bond of their mutual dependency.
drama:Meeting while on vacation, Ved and Tara sense a connection but vow to keep their real identities a secret. Years later, their paths cross again.
drama:In a story of interconnected lives, three families of different religious faiths navigate conflicting beliefs, hardships and other struggles.
international:Shocking secrets begin to unravel when the aftermath of a car crash leaves four best friends questioning the truth of their relationships.
other:One of the first rock stars in Argentina, Tango leads a full life during an era of social unrest – one of both glory and despair.
comedy:When London-based doctor Manu reluctantly returns to India to find a bride, he meets the girl of his dreams – only to discover she loves another man.
drama:A traditional man and an independent woman share a connection, but they must learn to navigate their vastly different experiences and expectations.
comedy:Asked by his boss to share a woman's personal information, a mobile phone sales rep falls in love with the target whose data he's stealing.
comedy:Trapped in an empty building, nine people are forced to play a lethal game. All their movements will be recorded, and only one player can survive.
international:A night out in Paris quickly unravels when two friends provoke the wrong taxi driver, who's after something bigger than cab fare.
action:Wealthy and spoiled, a young man finds something to fight for when he falls in love with an environmental activist protesting his family's business.
children:After being shipwrecked off the African coast, a lone child grows up in the wild, and is destined to become lord of the jungle.
children:How did the King of the Jungle ascend to the throne? Find out in this charming prequel to the hit animated movie that catches Tarzan as a young child.
comedy:A down-on-his-luck man must prove he's not as hapless as he seems when the woman he's on a date with is suddenly kidnapped.
action:Doubting her future as a nun, a woman attempts to have a child, triggering a mystic tribal prophecy that could force her to make a godly sacrifice.
other:Kidnapped by an inventor who uses her as a test subject to perfect his robotic AI, a street-smart young woman tries to escape her high-tech prison.
drama:A taxi driver new to Beirut forms an unlikely bond with a bored American Pilates instructor who loves hearing him tell stories about his past.
other:Enraged by New York's moral rot and urban decay, an unhinged cab driver goes mad, plotting an assassination and saving a teen sex worker.
international:An Egyptian doctor becomes a police informant and uses his rare gift of tracking ancient artifacts in the smuggling business.
other:Taylor Swift takes the stage in Dallas for the reputation Stadium Tour and celebrates a monumental night of music, memories and visual magic.
comedy:She's halfway through her 20s — and she's over it. Too old to party, too young to settle down, comedian Taylor Tomlinson takes aim at her life choices.
children:As they learn their routes around the busy city, Tayo and his little bus friends discover new sights and go on exciting adventures every day.
children:After he loses his favorite racing car, Duri ventures to a mysterious, magical land filled with toys that have been thrown away.
drama:Still desperate to find his granddaughter nearly a decade after her kidnapping, a devoted grandfather chases a dangerous new lead.
documentary:It's been decades since Brown v. Board of Education, yet American schools remain largely segregated. Some leaders are working to change that.
documentary:With never-before seen home video, this film recounts the paranoid downward spiral of John E. du Pont and the murder of Olympic wrestler Dave Schultz.
children:After a brush with the law, teen celebrity Kaylie Konrad swaps social stardom for court-ordered chaos as a middle school wilderness club leader.
action:A Navy SEAL is sent to a war-torn African jungle to rescue a doctor, only to realize he must also save the refugees in the physician's care.
anime:Teased constantly by classmate Takagi-san, middle-schooler Nishikata swears payback by trying (and failing) to give her a dose of her own medicine.
children:This biopic follows pro golfer Ariya Jutanugarn's journey to the LPGA tour, from child prodigy to her number-one ranking in the world.
action:A gangster hires goon Teefa to abduct his friend’s daughter for an arranged marriage, but things get tricky when Teefa develops feelings for the girl.
drama:At a 50-year-old house that served as a school, a brothel, and now a home, tales unfold of the residents who have lived there, longing for an escape.
other:The highs and lows of new parenting and adulting create drama and heartbreak as life moves on for the cast of 16 and Pregnant Season 2.
drama:Luck brings together math expert Perci Trachtenberg and obscure genius Venkat Subramaniam in a casino, but the foundations of probability may be utterly altered when their chat leads Subramaniam to try a new theory in the gambling dens of Mumbai.
crime:Twin sisters Sterling and Blair balance teen life at an elite Southern high school with an unlikely new career as butt-kicking bounty hunters.
drama:Two teen girls form an intense bond and launch a lucrative webcam business, leading them to a dangerous encounter with a middle-aged married man.
children:In this animated adventure, Master Splinter whips the four Ninja Turtles back into shape to defeat monsters running amok in New York.
children:The evil Shredder decides that ooze is what gives the ninja turtles their power, so he obtains some of the toxic junk and creates dangerous mutants.
action:After exposure to a strange, glowing ooze, four mutant turtles train as ninjas in the sewers and fight crime wherever they find it.
comedy:A flamboyant con artist and his band of gleeful robbers gamble with fate when smugglers hire them to swipe antiques from a speeding train.
documentary:In this documentary, Alex trusts his twin, Marcus, to tell him about his past after he loses his memory. But Marcus is hiding a dark family secret.
children:Three teenaged best friends on the planet Telluria begin an incredible journey of adventure as they fight against the most evil being in the universe.
horror:Three unsuspecting American tourists visit a mysterious mountain shrine in Japan despite uncanny warnings from local inhabitants to stay away.
drama:Animosity gives way to love and forgiveness when an angry teenager reunites with his estranged biological father in the wilds of Patagonia.
drama:Five shorts reveal a fictional Hong Kong in 2025, depicting a dystopian city where residents and activists face crackdowns under iron-fisted rule.
comedy:Mini isn't eager to wed the rich suitor who's been chosen for her, so she stages her own kidnapping and runs off with a man who works for her father.
international:We all want so much more than we have, but how far are we willing to go to get it?
drama:After a botched job, a heist mastermind must run from gangsters and stay alive long enough for his daughter to benefit from his life insurance policy.
action:Ten years after John Connor saved Earth from Judgment Day, he encounters T-X, a robotic assassin ordered to finish what T-1000 started.
action:All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against increasingly dominating militaristic robots.
documentary:This visually arresting documentary essay reflects on our relationship to other living creatures as humanity becomes more isolated from nature.
international:The beautiful island of Oahu is host to a new batch of six strangers who share a single roof, multiple conflicts and no script in this reality series.
international:A new set of six men and women start their lives together under one roof. All they get is a fabulous home and a car. As always, there is no script.
international:A group of young people – including a chef, a snowboarder and an ice hockey player – gather in the Karuizawa woods while pursuing their dreams.
international:Six strangers share a fabulous house in Tokyo, looking for love while living under the same roof. With no script, what happens next is all up to them.
horror:On Halloween night, inside a dilapidated apartment building, Art the Clown stalks his victims, slicing and slaughtering in terrifying silence.
crime:Law enforcement officials look back on attempted terrorist attacks that were thwarted in the nick of time.
comedy:New beginnings appear to be on the horizon after a simple country boy forms a bond with a sophisticated urban girl with modern ideas.
action:This high-octane thriller tells the story of a man on a mission to reclaim what was taken from him and the agent who's determined to stop him.
children:A hungry fox and three resourceful, surprisingly formidable birds turn the animal kingdom on its head in this lively animated series.
action:In London, a mysterious blind man named Kenny appears to be an assassin who uses echolocation to kill, but there is more to Kenny than meets the eye.
other:From controversial cartoonist to powerful Mumbai politician, this biopic maps the meteoric rise of far-right Shiv Sena party founder, Bal Thackeray.
drama:From controversial cartoonist to powerful Mumbai politician, this biopic maps the meteoric rise of far-right Shiv Sena party founder, Bal Thackeray.
drama:This biopic maps the meteoric rise of far-right Shiv Sena party founder, Bal Thackeray, from controversial cartoonist to powerful Mumbai politician.
international:As a tip leads a local politician to his long-estranged son, his daughter has doubts about whether the young man is truly family or just an impostor.
comedy:Three cheating husbands end up paying the price for their infidelities when their spouses hire a private detective – who falls for one of the wives.
comedy:Feel groovy in 1970s suburbia, where a teen and his pals hang in the basement, listening to rock and indulging other hazy benefits of '70s culture.
drama:A devastating breakup with her boyfriend may be the start of a new beginning for Mace, thanks to an adventurous and kind stranger named Anthony.
international:Seeing the chance to enrich himself by deceiving a blind heiress, clever con man Oh Soo just does what comes naturally – but his plans soon change.
international:In this social drama of sin and remorse, a man reels at the discovery that his wife has been unfaithful, and gives her an ultimatum.
action:A century after Earth was devastated by a nuclear apocalypse, 100 space station residents are sent to the planet to determine whether it's habitable.
comedy:In need of money, an eccentric ex-spy and his younger octogenarian partner embark on an international quest for a valuable Soviet soda formula.
action:Based on true events, this story follows a Norwegian saboteur’s harrowing struggle to reach safety after escaping a Nazi attack during World War II.
documentary:Examine the triumphs, tragedies, cultural shifts and technological leaps that occurred during the millennium's first decade.
documentary:An intense rivalry between Henry Ford II of the Ford Motor Company and Enzo Ferrari results in the most epic showdown in racing history.
action:A Secret Service agent is drawn into a terrorist plot when his son's classmate, the daughter of a Supreme Court Justice, is targeted for kidnapping.
horror:When her little sister claims she sees the dead, Alia consults a psychic, who opens her own eyes to the vengeful ghosts haunting their childhood home.
horror:Working in an orphanage, Alia meets teen Nadia, who says she hears a strange voice in the walls. When they try to find the source, things go very wrong.
crime:This docuseries disputes the Mexican government's account of how and why 43 students from Ayotzinapa Rural Teachers' College vanished in Iguala in 2014.
drama:4400 people who vanished over the course of five decades suddenly reappear. None have aged, and slowly it's revealed that they have mysterious powers.
action:In a violent prison in 1970s Mexico, a young inmate lands a spot on a football team that doubles as an enforcer squad for a corrupt administration.
international:An idealistic cop joins an underground police unit and battles ghoulish forces threatening the balance between the human and the supernatural realms.
other:Romance, rivalry and radical mystery collide as a group of teens attend a remote island sleepaway camp in this suspenseful, supernatural drama.
action:Nursing a broken heart, an IT specialist moves to London to audition for a reality TV show that unexpectedly turns into a real-life cartel drama.
documentary:Decades after WWII, a former SS officer stands trial in his native Germany after being charged for his complicity in the murder of Jews at Auschwitz.
drama:Author Stephen Elliott has a problem separating his own life from incidents in the life of a convicted murderer about whom he's writing a book.
international:An insurance adjuster investigates cases of possible fraud while hiding a romance with a colleague, unaware that someone he trusts is toying with him.
children:After finding a peculiar key, three smart and adventurous kids launch a quest to uncover the whereabouts of a coveted archaeological treasure.
children:"Imagine your worst fears, then multiply them: Figaro is a boy with any number of phobias and a highly quirky and imaginative way of dealing with them."
children:The world's greatest feline fighter, lover and milk connoisseur takes on daring adventures in exotic locations in this family-friendly comedy series.
children:A 10-year-old dreamer's imaginary friends – mighty Sharkboy and fire-producing Lavagirl – come to life to seek his help battling a nefarious baddie.
children:Hyper hedgehog Sonic and his cohort Miles Tails Prower defend the planet Mobius against Dr. Robotnik and his evil schemes in this animated series.
children:This 3-D motion capture adapts Georges Remi's classic comic strip about the adventures of fearless young journalist Tintin and his trusty dog, Snowy.
drama:In the City Without a Voice, only faceless singer the Voice can still vocalize. Everyone else has lost the power of speech as they let Mr. TV's broadcasts speak for them. But when Mr. TV kidnaps the Voice, things change.
comedy:Happily escaping a dictatorship, a Congolese doctor transplants his family to a small French village, where culture shock sets in for everyone.
comedy:An aspiring rapper and his best friend/manager have one night to bounce back from embarrassment and make their dreams of hip-hop stardom come true.
action:Formerly a Korean resistance fighter, a policeman working for Japan is tasked with tracking down resistance leaders before they acquire explosives.
crime:New interviews and an up-to-date analysis of evidence shed light on the 1992 murders of three girls in Spain and their profound impact on the nation.
action:Now a celebrity, Benjie is tasked with taking care of a General's young son, who has information about a looming terrorist threat.
other:Eight of the country's best backyard smokers and pitmasters vie for the title of American Barbecue Champion in a fierce but friendly faceoff.
other:Join host Jeff Foxworthy as contestants test their knowledge of all things biblical, competing to win money for the charities of their choice.
comedy:A financially struggling young couple's relationship is tested when the CEO of the company they work for tempts them with a nearly irresistible offer.
documentary:Social media stars Paris Hilton, Josh Ostrovsky, Brittany Furlan and Kirill Bichutsky hustle to build online empires – and face the pitfalls of fame.
comedy:The widowed president strikes up a romance with a beautiful Washington lobbyist – but can the couple keep their private and political lives separate?
horror:This hair-raising remake of the 1979 horror hit depicts the ordeal of the Lutz family, whose new home has a gory past and a legacy of demons.
other:Homespun humor and easygoing Sheriff Andy Taylor are at the center of this nostalgic look at Mayberry, a small town filled with lovable characters.
drama:As his country prepares for war, top Egyptian official Ashraf Marwan makes contact with Israel and wades into a shadowy game of high-stakes espionage.
children:Enemies turn into frenemies when the Pigs call for a truce with the Birds to unite against a formidable new foe that’s threatening all of their homes.
documentary:Animal rights protesters trying to shut down a facility that conducts animal testing are labeled terrorists by big business and law enforcement.
comedy:Released after being wrongly imprisoned in Iraq, an Egyptian contractor returns home to a country on the brink of revolution.
international:With their eyes on the grand prize, amateur designers push their creative limits in this reality competition show hosted by design icon Jamie Durie.
comedy:A young man determined to renounce Catholicism by having his baptismal records excised is thwarted by church bureaucracy and his own inner conflicts.
drama:While in Rome to shoot his first movie, actor and industrial heir Nick becomes obsessed with a dating app that sends him into a self-destructive spiral.
children:A tech entrepreneur's Christmas shopping app is a smashing success, but he starts to realize his invention might be ruining the holiday spirit.
drama:An arbitration panel is formed after a company CEO in Nigeria is sued for wrongful dismissal and rape by an employee with whom he had an affair.
drama:During Communist rule, a Polish gynecologist and sexologist defies taboo and fights to publish her groundbreaking book on love and sex.
action:"Crunch Calhoun, a daredevil motorcyclist and mostly reformed con artist, agrees to do one last job: helping his brother Nicky steal a priceless book."
action:Framed for the murder of an ambassador, a former member of the United Nations' elite covert action unit will do whatever it takes to clear his name.
comedy:Winner of five Oscars, this black-and-white silent film follows the romance between a silent-era legend on a downward spiral and a rising starlet.
crime:Defining moments in Andrew Cunanan's life, starting in childhood, lead up to a 1997 murder spree that kills five, including fashion icon Gianni Versace.
action:A hitman has his body surgically altered into a woman's against his will. Now he has to track down the surgeon responsible and get his revenge.
horror:A father-son team of small-town coroners performs an autopsy on an unidentified woman with mysterious injuries and a terrifying secret.
comedy:Pressured to marry a nice Orthodox Jewish woman, Motti is thrown for a loop when he falls for classmate Laura, who his mother will never approve of.
documentary:Filmmaker Errol Morris probes the life, work and studio of his pal Elsa Dorfman, a Polaroid photographer who's shot luminaries and regular folk alike.
children:Ann M. Martin's beloved books get a modern update in this series that follows a group of girlfriends and their homegrown babysitting business.
comedy:When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet.
comedy:"Two years after Cole survived a satanic blood cult, he's living another nightmare: high school. And the demons from his past? Still making his life hell."
other:A single man searches for his soulmate through a series of dates with 25 contestants ready to romance him for a chance at love.
other:Beloved “Bachelor” contestant Ali Fedotowsky embarks on her own search for happily ever after and navigates the thrills and spills of reality TV romance.
drama:After the death of his wife, a teacher and his son move to a new city, where emotional connections with two women help them begin to heal.
drama:Banished to a wasteland of undesirables, a young woman struggles to find her feet among a drug-soaked desert society and an enclave of cannibals.
documentary:In this documentary, teachers at a Mojave Desert high school adhere to a belief that compassion and life skills can profoundly help at-risk students.
comedy:Ranging from absurd to profound, these Western vignettes from the Coen brothers follow the adventures of outlaws and settlers on the American frontier.
drama:After his longtime partner is assassinated, a slow-footed cowboy sets out to find his killer and uncovers a conspiracy engineered by some powerful men.
comedy:Strangers holed up in a Madrid bar after witnessing a murder begin to turn on each other as panic sets in and the body count rises.
action:While working at a family friend's business, a penniless orphan draws the attention of a corrupt competitor and is torn between divided loyalties.
international:One family’s fight for survival in a future dystopian Madrid illustrates the disparity between two worlds separated by a fence — and so much more.
horror:Known for tortuous role-play with victims in his basement, a twisted serial killer abducts a musician who has a deeper connection to his mind games.
documentary:The colorful true story of the Portland Mavericks, a scrappy, independent baseball team of underdogs started by actor Bing Russell in the 1970s.
other:Director John Ford captures combat footage of the Battle of Midway, an air and sea campaign that was a turning point in the war in the Pacific.
comedy:A wedding singer and his friends try to prove his innocence after he's accused of murder, a situation threatening his own marriage plans.
action:To rescue his daughter, an unstable Special Forces veteran unleashes his inner beast as he pursues her kidnappers — and soon becomes a suspect himself.
action:Feeling guilty after a high-speed chase leaves a girl dead, a determined sergeant pursues the crime boss who triggered the fatal car accident.
international:The artistic pursuits of two childhood friends, an aspiring singer and a talented dancer, lead them to four other 20-somethings in a drumming group.
documentary:Scientists, advocates and parents around the world explore how carefully tending to kids' earliest needs can shape the course of human society.
documentary:As urbanization expands throughout society, this documentary discusses the value of finding ways for children to forge real connections with nature.
documentary:Using breakthroughs in technology and neuroscience, this series examines how environment affects infants – and how infants can affect our future.
comedy:Recipe for Life star Rafał Rutkowski and Comedy Lab's Olka Szczęśniak serve up humorous impressions and wry wit at Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy.
other:Host Francesca Stavrakopoulou travels across the Middle East, offering extraordinary insights into the stories of the Old Testament.
other:In a global competition, eight fishing enthusiasts battle extreme conditions and dangerous waters to be crowned the ultimate angler.
other:In this unscripted series, families passionate about food serve up their most delicious dishes for the chance to be crowned Britain's best home cooks.
other:Ten pairs of florists, sculptors and garden designers face off in a friendly floral fight to see who can build the biggest, boldest garden sculptures.
children:"Former WWE wrestler the Big Show is out of the ring and ready for an even tougher challenge: raising three daughters with his wife in Florida."
documentary:This documentary highlights spontaneous encounters with the elusive, comedic veteran, who touches lives by simply showing up anywhere.
horror:While visiting her fiancé's mother in southern Italy, a woman must fight the mysterious and malevolent curse intent on claiming her daughter.
documentary:Featuring experts in their fields and raw and moving footage, this documentary makes a case for increased autonomy in women's choices for childbirth.
documentary:This intimate look at a São Paulo birth center features interviews with mothers, activists, doctors and midwives. Third in a series of films.
action:As a killer stalks the streets, a troubled young courier suspects that a doctor may be the long-lost sister he hasn't seen since childhood.
documentary:This documentary follows the life of Clarence Avant, the ultimate, uncensored mentor and behind-the-scenes rainmaker in music, film, TV and politics.
drama:After being exiled to England as a child, a Punjabi prince struggles to return to his homeland and his Sikh faith in this historical drama.
horror:A couple's new dream home morphs into a nightmare after they learn that an evil and lustful spirit resides in their basement.
horror:When their parents fail to pick them up for winter break, two students stay on at an all-girls boarding school in the company of a terrible presence.
crime:After turning himself in, a brilliant fugitive offers to help the FBI bag other baddies, but only if rookie profiler Elizabeth Keen is his partner.
other:Competition between sugar cane producers turns deadly after a greedy landlord conspires against an agricultural engineer who falls for his daughter.
drama:Husband. Father. Fighter. Meet Chuck Wepner, the liquor salesman and self-proclaimed real-life inspiration behind Rocky Balboa.
documentary:This eye-opening look at the fast-growing medical device industry reveals how the rush to innovate can lead to devastating consequences for patients.
drama:A man claiming he had a divine revelation as a child treks across the Chilean desert to perform a miracle on a friend badly injured in a remote town.
drama:With a matriarch bent on having a lavish 51st birthday party, her family's debt is on the verge of exposure, threatening their business – and legacy.
drama:Based on fact, this comic thriller tracks the saga of the Hollywood Hills Burglar Bunch, who used the Web to time their robberies of stars' homes.
horror:When a former criminal psychiatrist discovers that a patient holds a secret that threatens his family, he must resort to extreme measures to save them.
other:David Attenborough narrates this definitive exploration of the marine world, from the familiar to the unknown, revealing the sea and its communities.
children:A charming allegory based on a novella by Ruskin Bond, this visually stunning film from India explores themes of greed, loneliness, longing and loss.
international:Mind games and mystery abound as a detective investigates the disappearance of a woman’s body from a morgue in this Hindi remake of a Spanish thriller.
drama:After a traumatic event, two Indigenous women in Vancouver are brought together and form a deep bond despite leading different lives.
documentary:Form, montage and mesmerizing kinetics propel this experimental meditation on the destructive power of the nuclear bomb, featuring music by The Acid.
other:This documentary follows British bomb disposal teams in Afghanistan and the dangers they face in their methodical lives on the front lines of war.
international:After a devastating fire in 1897 Paris, three women find their lives upended by betrayals, deceptions and romantic turmoil. Inspired by real events.
action:Determined to protect a sacred text that promises to save humanity, Eli goes on a quest westward across the barren, postapocalyptic country.
comedy:A high school senior sets out to make a no-budget horror film with his friend, one-time rival and teacher, but the project soon jeopardizes their future.
drama:Follow the lives of the notorious Borgia family, a clan headed by plotting patriarch Rodrigo and his beautiful but treacherous daughter, Lucrezia.
children:The Boss Baby brings his big brother Tim to the office to teach him the art of business in this animated series sprung from the hit film.
children:Think you've got what it takes to be the boss? This interactive special puts your skills to the test and matches you up with one of 16 jobs at Baby Corp.
drama:While working together, a married textile foreman and his boss’s daughter have a torrid love affair, stirring up hostility among the factory crew.
other:Ten queens must slay the competition and put their fiercest, filthiest faces forward for the chance to be crowned the world's next drag supermonster.
action:Bounty hunter Milo Boyd finds his latest assignment downright satisfying as he learns that the bail-jumper he must chase down is his ex-wife, Nicole.
other:A couple must decide whether to push a button that will net them a million dollars but that will also cause the death of a complete stranger.
horror:A nanny is hired by a couple to look after their boy. She's shocked to learn that her charge is actually a doll that the couple treats like a human.
drama:When his family moves from Berlin to Poland, a young boy befriends a boy who lives on the other side of the fence, unaware he's a Jewish prisoner.
children:When high school girl-geek Jordan becomes a werewolf after moving to Romania, she must elude her own brother, who sets out to slay her.
children:Inspired by a science book, 13-year-old William Kamkwamba builds a wind turbine to save his Malawian village from famine. Based on a true story.
drama:At a birthday party in 1968 New York, a surprise guest and a drunken game leave seven gay friends reckoning with unspoken feelings and buried truths.
documentary:Decades after his play first put gay life center stage, Mart Crowley joins the cast and crew of the 2020 film to reflect on the story's enduring legacy.
action:With entry into the European Union at stake, Albania must rely on a mash-up of elite cops to take down a slippery drug lord dominating its economy.
drama:New York City radio host Erica Bain decides to take the law into her own hands after losing her fiancé in a brutal Central Park attack.
drama:Newly famous after challenging Muhammad Ali for a championship title, boxer Chuck Wepner spirals down the slippery slope of being a celebrity.
children:A courageous 11-year-old Afghan girl disguises herself as a boy and takes on odd jobs to provide for her family when her father is arrested.
crime:A police detective mourning a painful loss moves back to his peaceful hometown, only to be drawn into a murder case that dredges up dark secrets.
comedy:Nobody's safe as Michelle Wolf unapologetically takes aim in this weekly topical show that blends sketches with live comedy and in-studio guests.
comedy:Cohabitating couple Gary and Brooke's petty spats turn into an all-out battle for their home condo.
comedy:For the right price, BFFs Jen and Mel will ruthlessly end any romance. But when one of them grows a conscience, their friendship begins to unravel.
drama:A rock musician and a law student whose true passion is music fall in love and pursue a romance that complicates both of their blossoming careers.
international:When a quest for divine stones in the human world goes awry, the water god Habaek seeks help from a psychiatrist predestined to serve him.
drama:A Yoruba prince and a young lady from a prominent Igbo family face tribal prejudice and parental pressure when they secretly wed.
horror:A group of university students decides to test an urban legend about the ghost of a female student that haunts a campus bridge.
comedy:Reunited in their hometown for their father's funeral, two self-interested brothers meet a peculiar woman who shares a huge secret about their family.
action:Brothers Jake and Will Grimm travel from village to village, posing as exterminators of magical creatures. But in reality, they're expert con artists.
comedy:Two terminally ill men bust out of the cancer ward with a plan to experience life to the fullest before they kick the bucket.
comedy:A taxi driver longs to be a pop singer, but the road to stardom is wrought with competition and struggle until he befriends a helpful belly dancer.
action:After losing everything, a young man rebuilds his life and finds love in 1920s Shanghai – all while rising to power in an organized crime syndicate.
drama:When a man is left to die inside an illegal gold mine, his daughter travels through a magical landscape to save him.
documentary:To understand the origins and true impact of the business of drugs, a former CIA analyst investigates the economics of six illicit substances.
drama:Forced to work in a coal mine during World War II, two young poets find some escape when they both fall for the same woman.
horror:Three college students move into an off-campus house and discover they've unwittingly unleashed a supernatural killer known as the Bye Bye Man.
other:His way of life under threat due to the oil fracking boom, a young rancher defends a Lakota woman and becomes entangled in human trafficking.
documentary:To solve the mystery of cancer, challenging the status quo is a must. Witness how lifestyle and societal changes may help beat the disease.
other:Fast-living comic Bert Kreischer heads to a cabin for some self-care and invites his funny friends to join his quest to cleanse his mind, body and soul.
drama:When a German baker travels to Jerusalem in search of his dead male lover’s family, his growing involvement with them may expose his truth.
international:Connected by phone in the same home but 20 years apart, a serial killer puts another woman’s past — and life — on the line to change her own fate.
international:Food-crazed travel junkies journey across India, completing bucket list challenges for a chance to win a once-in-a-lifetime scholarship.
drama:Eight years after their daughter's abduction tore them apart, her parents receive enigmatic clues from the kidnapper hinting that she's still alive.
other:In his small Southwestern town, sheriff Wade Parent must find out who — or what — is running people down via a mysterious, driverless black sedan.
action:Trying to uphold justice in a lawless future, a D.A. is slain by cyberpunks but a supernatural twist sends his car on a bloody quest for revenge.
documentary:Featuring eight-time NBA All-Star Vince Carter, this documentary takes an in-depth look at his impact on pop culture and the Canadian basketball scene.
drama:Bothered by his wife's unyielding belief in Christianity, an investigative reporter sets out to use verifiable facts to poke holes in her faith.
international:Māori funeral directors Francis and Kaiora Tipene and staff temper good humor with care and respect as they help Polynesian families cope with loss.
children:The Cat in the Hat is back – and this time, he's teaching Sally and her brother, Nick, some awfully nifty things to think about!
action:A special operations officer vows to get revenge against the terrorist who killed his friend in a brutal attack.
drama:A group of executives heads to a telecommunications retreat to pick the firm's new CEO until they find themselves in a contest to win – and stay alive.
crime:Friends gathered at a remote chalet in the French Alps for a summer getaway are caught in a deadly trap as a dark secret from the past comes to light.
other:Reality show alumni must compete in grueling physical contests and survive eliminations amid cutthroat alliances and steamy hookups to win big money.
international:A quirky fashion student becomes the nanny of a handsome widower’s three kids, experiencing a series of silly antics and schemes.
horror:After an architect transforms a slaughterhouse into trendy lofts, its new inhabitants discover that the structure is haunted by its evil past.
other:Brooke Burns hosts this game show in which three contestants square off to answer fast-paced questions against the Beast, a trivia know-it-all.
documentary:Writer, director and food enthusiast Jon Favreau and chef Roy Choi explore food in and out of the kitchen with accomplished chefs and celebrity friends.
international:Home cooks face off against trained chefs to see if passion can beat profession in the kitchen in this reality competition show.
drama:A detective investigates the murder of a young musician, whose philandering lifestyle leaves a long list of suspects and a lot of questions.
drama:In 1937, Spanish revolutionary Ramón trains as a Soviet spy, impersonating a wealthy Belgian as part of a plot to assassinate Leon Trotsky in Mexico.
international:Determined to bring a Zika vaccine to the remote Pantanal, three doctors clash with a faith healer and are pulled deeper into the mysteries of his cult.
drama:Young Ulises falls in love with teen Sofia, even as he is forced to lure her into his family's prostitution ring. Now he'll do anything to rescue her.
drama:A progressive new minister's arrival in a small village threatens to end an age-old tradition that brings a yuletide miracle to one of the residents.
children:After accidentally crashing Santa's sleigh, a brother and sister pull an all-nighter to save Christmas with a savvy, straight-talking St. Nick.
children:Unhappy over her mom’s new relationship, a now-teenage Kate runs away and lands at the North Pole, where a naughty elf is plotting to cancel Christmas.
children:Four brothers prepare for war when they're forced to deliver secret holiday gifts to the school bullies. But they soon learn kindness goes a long way.
other:In Depression-era New Orleans, cocksure stud poker player Eric Stoner – the titular Cincinnati Kid – challenges longtime champ Lancey The Man Howard to a showdown at the table, where a war of wills – and nerve – ensues.
other:Status and strategy collide in this social experiment and competition show where online players flirt, befriend and catfish their way toward $100,000.
international:Be yourself or someone else? In this fun reality competition, online players try their best to flirt, bond and catfish their way to a R$300,000 prize.
international:Status and strategy collide in this social media competition where online players flirt, befriend and catfish their way toward 100,000 euros.
comedy:A newcomer ekes out a living in LA as a professional audience member on infomercials, but life gets complicated when he's thrust into the spotlight.
documentary:Asian American creatives pay passionate tribute to the iconic, stereotype-busting Baby-Sitters Club character in this heartfelt documentary short.
action:A young Senegalese-French man from humble roots sets out to climb Mount Everest to impress the woman he loves – and slowly becomes a media sensation.
action:Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality.
crime:A band of misfit rich kids in Mexico strike out on their own selling MDMA and quickly run into trouble with other narcos, the law and their families.
other:In this three-part documentary series, host Marcus du Sautoy examines the mathematical code underlying all of life on Earth and the universe itself.
drama:During 1962’s Cuban missile crisis, a troubled math genius finds himself drafted to play in a U.S.-Soviet chess match – and a deadly game of espionage.
comedy:A diverse group of up-and-coming comedians perform 15-minute sets in this stand-up comedy showcase series.
drama:For the crew trapped aboard a sunken Russian submarine the deadliest threat is the bureaucracy on land. Based on a true story.
drama:A successful businessman comes face-to-face with America's downsizing epidemic when he loses his job and is forced to take a construction gig.
comedy:After developing an infidelity formula said to repel cheating, a popular blogger crosses paths with a charming lawyer willing to put it to the test.
comedy:Two wedded partners-in-crime flee from their massive debt to a deadly crime boss and hatch a jewel heist that could be their ticket to total freedom.
crime:Henry Lee Lucas rose to infamy when he confessed to hundreds of unsolved murders. This docuseries examines the truth – and horrifying consequences.
crime:This true crime documentary series investigates cases where people convicted of murder claim their confessions were coerced, involuntary or false.
comedy:A divorced handyman with a drinking problem bonds with his 8-year-old son when a search for his stolen toolbox leads to a series of misadventures.
international:A woman struggling with sleep paralysis begins a complicated relationship with the director of a media company, whose colleagues conspire against him.
drama:Actress Robin Wright plays herself in this surreal drama about a film star who agrees to have her digital image recorded for reuse in future films.
horror:Based on true events, this spine-chiller tells the story of a New England family who begins having encounters with spirits in their farmhouse.
comedy:A notorious forger known for his ability to create fake passports and visas finds himself the target of a con man's ruse.
international:People bring their stories of missed lust connections to an objective panel of experts who then judge whether they could have gone all the way or not.
horror:At a Catholic school, a new girl falls in with a clique of teen witches who wield their powers against anyone who crosses them, even their parents.
international:Thirtysomething career woman Jae-yeong attempts to juggle her job and personal relationships, all the while never failing to eat well.
documentary:Neuroscientist David Eagleman taps into the creative process of various innovators while exploring brain-bending, risk-taking ways to spark creativity.
documentary:From chefs and comedians to filmmakers and fashion designers, India’s most notable imaginative minds share their artistic journeys.
action:After an unexpected misstep, a crew of skilled Parisian robbers find themselves forced to carry out a daring heist for a powerful crime organization.
crime:The peaceful lives of the residents inhabiting a breathtaking seaside town are shaken following a series of macabre crimes.
drama:When her son is accused of raping and trying to murder his ex-wife, Alicia embarks on a journey that will change her life forever.
children:When an earthquake obliterates their cave, an unworldly prehistoric family is forced to journey through unfamiliar terrain in search of a new home.
action:One year after Eric Draven and his fiancée are murdered, Draven – watched over by a hypnotic crow – returns from the grave to exact revenge.
other:This drama follows the political rivalries and romance of Queen Elizabeth II's reign and the events that shaped the second half of the 20th century.
comedy:When the captain of a pleasant cruise ship mistakes a mischievous stowaway the entertainment director, wild and wacky hijinks ensue.
other:IRA terrorist Fergus bonds with his prisoner, Jody. Jody tells Fergus of his girlfriend, Dil, with whom Fergus later falls in love.
documentary:Go behind the scenes with stars, puppeteers and creators as they bring Jim Henson's magical world of Thra back to life in a sweeping fantasy series.
documentary:This documentary series recounts the tumultuous history of Cuba, a nation of foreign conquest, freedom fighters and Cold War political machinations.
comedy:Wickedly talented baker and artist Christine McConnell fills her home with haunting confections, creepy crafts – and wildly inappropriate creatures.
documentary:On an ominous island off of Nova Scotia, two brothers chase historical theories on a quest for enigmatic treasure.
comedy:A loser in charge of planning his high school class's 20-year reunion thinks he's scored a major coup when he gets a marginally famous alum to attend.
other:When the curator of the Louvre is killed, a Harvard professor and a cryptographer must untangle a web of deceit involving works of Leonardo da Vinci.
drama:An optimistic farmer is determined to succeed in spite of the lack of rain in his region, and the sinking spirits around him.
drama:Orphaned by a tragedy that took the lives of her parents, Srintil grows up in a poor Indonesian village aspiring to be a sacred dancer.
drama:In 1920s Denmark, married artists embark on a journey of unconditional love when the husband announces his intentions to live life as a woman.
children:In this mythical tale, Jen, the last of the Gelfling race, is charged with healing the Crystal of Truth after its mutilation sets off an era of terror.
action:As power-hungry overlords drain life from the planet Thra, a group of brave Gelfling unite on a quest to save their world and fight off the darkness.
drama:Struggling with Mumbai's pressures and private battles with depression, six lives intersect just as they reach a breaking point.
action:An aspiring filmmaker records the chaos of an alien invasion while struggling to stay alive with her sister and a bickering band of survivors.
horror:After bringing home a set of mysterious stones from the Grand Canyon, a boy unleashes an ancient force that begins to terrorize his family.
drama:Having returned home for his cagey father's wedding, an estranged man gets to know his childhood friend's family and uncovers a devastating secret.
documentary:Cameras follow Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson as they take on the staggering challenge of free-climbing Yosemite’s most formidable rock formation.
crime:Mexican superstar actress Kate del Castillo reveals the untold story of her encounter with El Chapo Guzmán, the world’s most-wanted drug lord.
children:A boy and his best friend – his newly detached butt – embark on wacky adventures in a world where humans and their butts live side by side.
horror:In this horror movie, a retired priest haunted by his sins is pulled back into the darkness when a friend begs him to help his possessed daughter.
international:In 1967, two brothers from Copenhagen, Denmark, wind up in an orphanage, where the headmaster's cruel tyranny slowly provokes the kids to push back.
action:Separated by distance and circumstance, two bitter rivals cross paths when the perils of the drug trade unexpectedly unite them.
documentary:As she fights the tide of violence against trans women, activist Victoria Cruz probes the suspicious 1992 death of her friend Marsha P. Johnson.
drama:The plot of Romanian director Cristi Puiu's real-time drama is simple, following the travails of an ailing old man who waits for his illness to overtake him as a weary paramedic shuttles him between hospitals.
comedy:The death of Russian dictator Joseph Stalin throws the Soviet Union into comic chaos as his ambitious but addled ministers maneuver to succeed him.
action:A broke martial arts instructor takes a side gig with a mobster, who pairs him with a veteran thug for a weekend of fisticuffs-fueled debt collection.
action:French and Sue have two days to collect on three debts, using as much force as it takes – all while evading the wrath of a crime lord out for revenge.
action:An accident at a remote training camp leaves a group of survivalists bitterly divided — and caught in a brutal fight for their lives.
children:The Nektons are a family of underwater explorers who discover the hidden secrets of the oceans, including sunken cities, sea creatures and pirates.
crime:After surviving a near-fatal injury on the job, a cop sets out to investigate a conspiracy involving the top brass of the police department.
comedy:Six stand-ups explore the coarse and salacious side of comedy in this series of half-hour specials. For mature audiences.
international:A teen criminal and a young sex worker forge an unlikely alliance during a night that forces them to confront painful pasts and crises of conscience.
drama:Two rookie Boston cops are sent deep undercover – one inside the gang of a charismatic Irish mob boss and the other double-crossing his own department.
drama:While traveling across Argentina to a new job, a longtime maid encounters a salesman who opens her eyes to life's beauty and possibilities.
horror:Five high school students serving Saturday detention in a former corrections facility must find a way to outsmart an unseen menace out to kill them.
drama:Sinister characters converge around a young man devoted to protecting those he loves in a postwar backwoods town teeming with corruption and brutality.
documentary:In Rome, Exorcist director William Friedkin follows a 91-year-old priest who performs a real demonic exorcism on a woman from a small Italian town.
horror:At once spooky and grisly, this thriller follows a woman's quest to find the truth behind claims her mother killed three people during an exorcism.
anime:Thwarted in their attempt to take over the world of Ente Isla, Satan and his general Alciel land in modern-day Tokyo, where they take on human form.
crime:A Cleveland grandfather is brought to trial in Israel, accused of being the infamous Nazi death camp guard known as Ivan the Terrible.
international:A baker by day and demon fighter by night, a reincarnated deity must jog his amnesiac lover's memory of their millennium-long romance.
documentary:This documentary details DuPont's alleged decades-long cover-up of the potential harm caused by chemicals used to make popular Teflon products.
drama:Before the dawn of World War II, an ambitious actress pursues her dreams in Berlin. But her plans derail when she becomes Joseph Goebbels’ mistress.
horror:Terrorized by unexplained disturbances and horrific visions in her home, a young widowed mother turns to her scientist boyfriend for help.
comedy:In this unflinching biopic based on Mötley Crüe's best-selling book, four LA misfits navigate the monster highs and savage lows of music superstardom.
crime:The documentary takes a detailed look at the disappearance of 3-year-old Madeleine McCann, who vanished while on holiday with her family.
comedy:Aspiring actor Greg moves to Los Angeles with his strange friend Tommy, then agrees to star in his movie. Things start weird and get a lot weirder.
anime:High school sophomore Kusuo Saiki swore as a child that he would keep his psychic talents hidden, but his abilities still make his life difficult.
anime:Kusuo and his gaggle of self-proclaimed friends are back for more psychic mishaps. If he didn't have enough problems before, he's got even more now.
drama:A scientist whose proof of an afterlife caused a rash of suicides forges ahead with his research, while his disapproving son falls for a troubled woman.
comedy:Worried he’s lost his artistic edge, a wealthy expat novelist returns to his backwater hometown in Argentina, where he’s regarded as a local hero.
action:The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure.
horror:Eerie things begin to happen after a man gives his wife a doll, unaware it once belonged to a girl who was murdered. The first of the Doll films.
horror:A mother uses her deceased daughter’s doll as a medium to communicate with her, but the consequences are chilling. The second of the “Doll” films.
children:An extraordinary discovery inspires two human princes and an elven assassin to team up on an epic quest to bring peace to their warring lands.
international:"Four engineers from different walks of life cross paths in pursuit of the same selfless dream: making the world a better place – and finding love."
international:"A mysterious, wealthy man offers three people a lucrative, unusual job that may be too good to be true: Live the high life as his children and heirs."
drama:A trio of friends struggles to make it through adolescence, all while hoping that bigger and better things await them.
other:Child psychologist Tom Seymour's testimony helped convict a boy of murder. Years later, their paths cross again, raising uncomfortable questions.
drama:A petty smuggler from Busan dives headfirst into illicit drug trafficking in the 1970s and rises to become king of narcotics exports to Japan.
international:A variety-show production trips up big time when the cast members take their roles to new heights, and the line between fact and fiction blurs.
other:Katherine's a single mom juggling her career, her tween daughter, her relationship with her boyfriend — and pondering getting pregnant with her ex.
drama:In 1866, a Texas Ranger investigates some suspicious deaths in a town ruled by a religious despot whose past contains a disturbing link to his own.
action:The Duke boys are back in this comedy based on the TV series, following Bo and Luke as they tear around Hazzard County in their trusty Dodge Charger.
action:The mischievous Duke boys, Bo and Luke, are sent to live with their Uncle Jesse and cousin Daisy in this prequel movie to the popular TV series.
crime:A police officer and a drug lord become embroiled in a cycle of revenge, each man bent on taking the other down.
international:The owner of a Paris jazz club gets tangled up with dangerous criminals as he fights to protect his business, his band and his teenage daughter.
documentary:Political documentary and personal memoir collide in this exploration into the complex truth behind the unraveling of two Brazilian presidencies.
comedy:When Nadine's best (and only) friend starts dating her detested older brother, the teenage cynic's life becomes even more unbearable.
drama:"This is the astonishing true story behind a moment in TV history: the live 1961 broadcast of Nazi mass-murderer Adolf Eichmann's trial in Jerusalem."
documentary:This nostalgic documentary series relives the 1980s from a variety of angles, exploring its impact on the politics, technology and culture of today.
drama:Ram leaves the nomadic life and embarks on a quest for knowledge in a pharaonic Egypt mired in political intrigue. Based on a biblical story.
action:A wrongly accused man is pursued by a dogged investigator in this action-comedy featuring car chases, dark humor and more than a few vampires.
action:Seele orders an all-out attack on NERV, aiming to destroy the Evas before Gendo can trigger Third Impact and Instrumentality under his control.
other:A budding teen psychopath and a rebel hungry for adventure embark on a star-crossed road trip in this darkly comic series based on a graphic novel.
drama:Rolling Stone reporter David Lipsky shadows famed writer David Foster Wallace in this fictionalized account of their revealing five-day encounter.
other:As kids, they escaped a UFO death cult. Now, two adult brothers seek answers after an old videotape surfaces and brings them back to where they began.
drama:Fearing retribution, a Republican from the Spanish Civil War hides in his home for more than 30 years with the help of his wife. Based on true events.
other:Two 19th-century footballers on opposite sides of a class divide navigate professional and personal turmoil to change the game — and England — forever.
children:Fourth-grade friends George and Harold have a shared love of pranks and comic books – and turning their principal into an undies-wearing superhero.
children:Best friends George and Harold — along with their classmates and tyrannical principal — are recruited for a mysterious mission in outer space.
other:During a stop at a remote cabin deep within the woods, a group of teens begins turning into flesh-eating zombies in director Sam Raimi's cult classic.
drama:During World War II, a Nazi officer charged with protecting an exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II from spies begins a steamy affair with a secretive Dutch maid.
children:15-year-old scientist Ashley Garcia explores the great unknown of modern teendom after moving across the country to pursue a career in robotics.
horror:At the remote farmhouse where she once witnessed a traumatic childhood event, a young woman develops a grisly fascination with violence.
comedy:After a prank blows up a studious high school senior's life, he shares a list of certain things he wishes he'd done differently — and maybe still can.
action:The Manzonis, an infamous mob family, are relocated to Normandy, France, by the witness protection program and have some difficulty fitting in.
international:Five lawyers from different firms develop a strong bond of friendship that is occasionally tested by their court cases and growing romantic feelings.
other:Richie Beckett is an aging Brighton crime boss who's struggling with the onset of dementia, just as a rival gang is trying to take over his territory.
documentary:After 20 years on Death Row, self-educated inmate Nick petitions the court to be executed, then tells his twisting, turning tale of despair and hope.
comedy:During their bachelorette weekend, a lesbian couple's relationship hits a snag when one of the brides confesses to never having an orgasm.
international:Beautiful housewife Xie An Zhen seems to be living the perfect life but finds her world crumbling after learning that her husband is cheating on her.
drama:After a string of defeats, a boxer rediscovers his fighting will with help from his trainer and half-brother, a once-talented pugilist.
horror:When a pair of friends discovers a mystical sculpture in an abandoned shrine, good fortune is bestowed upon them – until luck starts running out.
horror:Nick O'Bannon thinks he's cheated death when he keeps a grisly premonition from becoming reality, but he soon realizes that fate has other plans.
other:Teams of elite chefs vie to impress the world's toughest palates as they whip up iconic dishes from nine nations in this star-packed competition.
drama:Dreaming of a better life, an imperiled prostitute crosses paths with a wealthy company heir who’s been transformed into a child by his evil uncle.
drama:Two determined Athenian attorneys spearhead a lawsuit against the British Museum for the return of the Parthenon Marbles to Greece.
comedy:Jesus, who's hitting the big 3-0, brings a surprise guest to meet the family. A Christmas special so wrong, it must be from comedians Porta dos Fundos.
comedy:Following a friend's suicide after her husband dumps her for a younger model, three women plot payback against their two-timing exes.
other:Twenty years after 5-year-old Jesse disappears near his home, his DNA turns up at the scene of a woman's murder, baffling his family and the police.
action:A dying kung fu master sends his last student to track down five former pupils in order to learn which one of them has become evil.
comedy:Comedians Jimmy Carr, D.L. Hughley and Katherine Ryan tackle the world's woes with help from a rotating crew of funny guests and an actual expert.
crime:A forensics expert who wakes from a coma with amazing new powers squares off against forces threatening the city in this live-action superhero romp.
children:The Flintstones hit the big screen in this live-action comedy that finds Fred and Barney struggling to cope with the pressures of work and family.
children:Yabba-dabba-doo! Digital dinosaurs rule the day when Fred, Barney, Betty and Wilma take Vegas by storm in this prequel that posits their lives before marriage.
drama:A mischievous 6-year-old finds the magic in her own circumstances while living with her troubled mom in a budget motel near Disney World.
action:In Qing-dynasty China, the emperor commands that a weapon be invented to kill at a distance without a trace. Then he orders it used on its wielders.
action:Jackie Chan and Jet Li star in this rousing adventure about a martial arts movie fan who finds a mystical staff that transports him to ancient China.
documentary:This documentary follows the police of Oakland, California, as they reform and face the challenges of corruption, commitment and cataclysmic change.
action:After his daughter is killed by terrorists, a sullen restaurateur seeks the identities of those responsible and travels to Ireland to take vengeance.
horror:A young woman conducts a search for her twin sister, who disappeared in a notorious area of Japan known as the Suicide Forest.
drama:A con man and a would-be filmmaking crew force themselves into the lives of two grief-scarred young women. But nothing is as it seems.
crime:Nothing's as it seems when a charismatic conman and an aspiring film crew delve into the lives of two emotionally scarred women.
horror:After a teenager goes to live with his father in abandoned public housing, he hears strange noises and decides to investigate with his new friend.
comedy:Desperate for a breakthrough as she nears the big 4-0, struggling New York City playwright Radha finds inspiration by reinventing herself as a rapper.
drama:This offbeat drama charts the ups and downs of an interracial lesbian couple and their multiethnic brood of biological, adopted and foster children.
drama:After a fateful encounter with the McDonald brothers, struggling salesman Ray Kroc becomes driven to change the way hamburgers are made and sold.
other:A detective tracks what seems to be a killer with a taste for dismemberment in 1827 London, but the case leads in a far more terrifying direction.
documentary:Olympic freestyle skier Jossi Wells learns the dangerous extreme sport of highlining with help from death-defying daredevils the Flying Frenchies.
crime:A grisly find atop a mountain in the French Pyrenees leads investigator Martin Servaz into a twisted dance with a serial killer in this icy thriller.
drama:In this fact-based thriller, an Alaska state trooper pursuing a serial killer teams with a 17-year-old-prostitute who escaped the predator's clutches.
comedy:In this inspirational buddy comedy, a young shut-in and his caregiver take a road trip in search of landmarks, but end up finding hope and friendship.
other:Elmo hops across the pond to help his extended monster family solve problems at their almost world-class establishment, the Furchester Hotel.
international:After his lover is killed in a jewelry store robbery, quiet José romances café owner Ana, who's unaware he has other motivations.
documentary:A look at the deeply intertwined history of humanity and fresh water reveals looming challenges that could upend power structures around the world.
romance:Medical school student Melanie adjusts to life in the world of professional sports when her boyfriend Derwin becomes a pro football player.
documentary:"Special Forces trainer James Wilks asks elite athletes to compare the merits of meat, protein and plants for building strength. Spoiler: plants win."
anime:When a lonely teenager skips his morning classes to sit in a lovely garden, he meets a mysterious older woman who shares his feelings of alienation.
children:Lazy, lasagna-loving fat cat Garfield lives life on his own terms, which includes teasing his geeky owner, Jon, and tormenting dimwitted dog Odie.
comedy:Between divorce, bad relationships and coming out as gay, a group of affluent friends realize that none of their lives are as easy as they seem.
documentary:This documentary follows four tycoons who moonlight as motorsport competitors and examines what fuels them to succeed, both at work and on the track.
drama:In 1977 New York City, the talented and soulful youth of the South Bronx chase dreams and breakneck beats to transform music history.
comedy:Boisterous hustler Isla, whose life consists of brawling and drinking, acquires the ability to see ghosts, including the recently deceased Mike.
international:In 1890s Malacca, Li Lan finds herself in the afterlife and becomes mired in a mystery linked to the sinister, deceased son of a wealthy family.
drama:Desperate to meet his daughter, a convict cuts a deal by ratting out his old boss. Free and searching for his family, he must dodge a hit on his life.
drama:In 1843, crippled Martin returns from war to his Basque hometown and finds his brother has grown into a giant, which they turn into a circus act.
international:A painter in Istanbul embarks on a personal journey as she unearths universal secrets about an Anatolian archaeological site and its link to her past.
international:When an internet-obsessed teen develops a rare illness that forces her to move to a remote town, she must navigate her relationships without technology.
drama:When an aspiring musician falls for a carefree college student, he follows her to the Nevada desert to declare his love to her and find himself.
drama:When a young computer hacker is tasked with investigating a prying journalist, their separate missions become entangled amid a decades-old conspiracy.
international:A single mother of five struggles for decades to forge a successful business empire, only to see her family descend into animosity and betrayal.
documentary:Writer, poet and lyricist Javed Akhtar hosts this musical trip down memory lane, revealing untold stories behind India's best songs of 1950-75.
horror:As sickness spreads throughout the countryside, an infertile woman conjures a living child out of clay and sets it loose on her enemies.
crime:A near-death experience spurs a feared drug lord to leave behind his life of crime and infidelity, to the disbelief of everyone close to him.
comedy:A young priest’s faith is tested when he finds himself attracted to a woman he meets at confession and his ideals are shaken to the core.
crime:When he's not solving murders, a pathologically honest detective tries to keep an eye on his crooked but kindhearted dad.
crime:When doubts rise about a five-year-old murder conviction, a veteran detective partners with a young hotshot to hunt down the case's hidden truths.
drama:Two tech-savvy teens plot to fool a cranky old neighbor into believing his house is haunted, but their cruel prank soon takes some unexpected turns.
comedy:Due to an error, self-absorbed Eleanor Shellstrop arrives at the Good Place after her death. Determined to stay, she tries to become a better person.
comedy:Hired to rescue a flagging car dealership during a major sale, a fast-talking closer spends his days on the lot and his nights at local strip clubs.
other:Leading with curiosity, Gwyneth Paltrow and her goop team look at psychedelics, energy work and other challenging wellness topics.
drama:In the first of four word-for-word film adaptations, Aramaic-speaking actors re-create the stories of Jesus' life from the fourth gospel.
drama:Word-for-word Bible texts of the entire book of Luke are narrated and re-enacted in this epic production of the Gospel's accounts of Jesus's life.
drama:See Jesus from a disciple's point of view in this first-ever, word-for-word film adaptation of the Gospel of Mark, lauded for its historical accuracy.
drama:The Apostle Matthew is highlighted in this word-for-word film adaptation of the former tax collector's Biblical writings about working with Jesus.
international:When sudden tragedy forces a deputy to step into the role of governor, she faces grueling political and personal tests in order to lead her state.
action:As the Japanese invasion looms, Chinese kung fu master Ip Man's world changes when rival master Gong Er and her father arrive in his village.
action:In seventh-century Korea, the commander of Ansi Fortress, Yang Man-chun, combats Tang invaders in a retelling of an epic clash against all odds.
other:A talented batch of amateur bakers face off in a 10-week competition, whipping up their best dishes in the hopes of being named the U.K.'s best.
other:Deck the halls with sugar, butter and chocolate as competitors from past seasons bake sweet Yuletide treats for judges Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith.
other:Hosts Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood leave the tent and go into the kitchen to put their professional spin on baking techniques used in the show.
other:A dozen amateur bakers amiably compete for the coveted title of Britain's best as they whip up tasty treats for judges Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood.
action:After unwittingly using his skills to obtain military secrets, a gambler is pursued by a police officer who happens to be his doppelgänger.
documentary:Explore how a data company named Cambridge Analytica came to symbolize the dark side of social media in the wake of the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
crime:In 1994, a team of thieves plans an ambitious heist to steal millions from Colombia's Bank of the Republic. Inspired by true events.
action:"In 1920s Beijing, a host of talented performers gather to show off their skills. The challenge: reproduce a magic trick called the Eight Immortals."
action:In World War II, a battalion goes on a daring rescue mission to liberate the Americans and Filipinos who've been captured by the Japanese.
other:This two-part tale delivers the true story of the Great Train Robbery of 1963, the biggest one in England's history.
action:A hard-partying heir dons a disguise to fight crime after hours. But with no talents or skills, he relies on his friend, a martial-arts genius.
horror:Determined to save an Amazon tribe being squeezed by logging, a group of students finds nothing but trouble when their plane crashes in the jungle.
children:When a Chinese family's soup shop is targeted for sabotage by a competitor, two guardians from the spirit world leave retirement to protect them.
drama:A London writer bonds with the colorful residents of Guernsey as she learns about the book club they formed during the WWII German occupation.
international:Bound together by a tragic past, a psychic, a priest and a detective join forces to take down a powerful spirit that's driven by bloodthirst.
comedy:Fantasy and reality collide when a surprisingly diverse group of online video-game addicts struggle to balance the game with personal relationships.
comedy:When smart but cash-strapped teen Ellie Chu agrees to write a love letter for a jock, she doesn't expect to become his friend — or fall for his crush.
action:In an LA where puppets and humans coexist, a down-on-his-luck detective teams with his ex-partner to nab a killer targeting the cast of an old TV show.
action:After learning his brother died on a mission in Romania, a former soldier teams up with two allies to hunt down a mysterious enemy and exact revenge.
action:Years after the Civil War, a bounty hunter and his captive are waylaid by a Wyoming blizzard and hole up in a way station with six dicey strangers.
other:Trapped at a stagecoach stop as a storm rages outside, two bounty hunters and an outlaw face a gallery of rogues. Features never-before-seen footage.
drama:A duplicitous young man finds success in the dark world of social media smear tactics — but his virtual vitriol soon has violent real-life consequences.
horror:Four young women head to a country house for an idyllic weekend retreat. But what lies in store for them is far from the dreamy getaway they imagined.
children:Single mom Michelle Hathaway and her daughters find that they share their New Orleans home with the ghosts of single dad Ray Preston and his two sons.
drama:Dead doesn't mean gone. An au pair plunges into an abyss of chilling secrets in this gothic romance from the creator of The Haunting of Hill House.
drama:Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it.
horror:A troubled teenage girl hopes to start fresh at a new school, but the horrifying truth about her past is destined to catch up with her.
children:A handyman who has hit rock bottom agrees to live with his distant uncle, who insists that his ability to fix things extends beyond the repair shop.
children:When an 11-year-old boy with social anxiety disorder starts middle school, he finds strength in a scruffy emotional support dog named Dude.
comedy:Coping with heartbreak, the shy owner of a floundering cafe finds solace in the Javanese love songs of Didi Kempot.
comedy:Ben Stiller stars as a newlywed who marries a dreamy woman, only to learn on their honeymoon that she's a total nightmare.
documentary:Seven female chefs describe what it’s like breaking into the restaurant industry's notorious boys' club.
drama:A young, white writer stirs up the status quo in 1960s Mississippi by interviewing Black housemaids and bringing their stories to the masses.
horror:A withdrawn young woman hunted by a malicious cult is abducted by a brooding stranger and undergoes a bizarre transformation.
drama:Three teenage misfits find camaraderie in sex, violence and petty crime. But what starts as a lark soon threatens to damage them beyond repair.
drama:An all-star cast brings to life the short stories of author Robert Boswell in this anthology series of vignettes set in modern-day America.
drama:Two steely former Texas Rangers are tasked with tracking and killing infamous criminals Bonnie and Clyde in this crime drama based on real events.
action:An alien ordered to colonize Earth abandons his mission when he hears music for the first time and is determined to save his adopted planet.
international:The passionate members of a girls' roller hockey team chase down victories in the rink while striving to make time for school, family and romance.
drama:A talented photographer stuck in a dead-end job inherits an antique Advent calendar that may be predicting the future – and pointing her toward love.
documentary:Unwrap the real stories behind these iconic Christmas blockbusters, thanks to insider interviews and behind-the-scenes peeks.
children:Three teens join forces to find a way home after waking up in a strange realm filled with magic portals, perplexing puzzles and vicious beasts.
action:New straight-arrow sheriff Wallace finds he must join forces with brutal ex-lawman Leland to protect a troubled border town from a cartel hit man.
comedy:Top Hollywood stars and directors open up about their dreams, struggles and lifelong obsessions in interviews filmed in front of a live audience.
comedy:Formerly a troubled youth, a monk is given charge of a Buddhist temple neglected by superstitious villagers under the spell of a fake psychic.
international:Panelists from the Korean show Abnormal Summit lead cast mates on tours of their home countries, including China, Nepal, Italy, Canada and France.
comedy:Impending parenthood does funny things to Natasha Leggero and Moshe Kasher, who dissect family, relationships and more in a trio of stand-up specials.
international:When Parisian Elsa gets hung up on her ex, her best friends secretly hire a male escort to help her move on. But their plan works a little too well.
horror:In this Hindi version of Aval, a young couple's relationship is shaken to its core when a mysterious and troubled family moves into the neighborhood.
international:In this dark comedy, a wealthy matriarch tries to maintain her family's facade of perfection after her husband's mistress exposes their dirty secrets.
other:The de la Mora siblings publicly mourn the death of their mother amid multiple surprises and mishaps at Virginia's funeral.
documentary:This film chronicles the journey of Fannie Haughton, an Oakland activist who fled to Grenada with her family just prior to the U.S. invasion in 1983.
international:With host Vinay Pathak, Indian celebrities return to their childhood homes to reconnect with the past and share stories of their journey to success.
drama:A young couple's house was once a happy home. But with one as the breadwinner and the other looking for a big break, can love still live here?
documentary:A family of Parsi musicians collectively works for over 60 years scoring the orchestral soundtracks for some of Bollywood's most memorable films.
action:In a dystopian, near-future United States, a deportation caseworker who has begun to question authority tries to safeguard a woman and her young son.
drama:After discovering a shortcut that gives them a technological advantage, two cousins look to earn their big score by outracing a massive corporation.
comedy:A chef and his family leave India to open an eatery in the south of France, where they clash with the haughty restaurateur across the street.
other:Witness some of the most riveting showdowns in the animal kingdom as cameras capture leopards, polar bears and other predators targeting their prey.
action:A deadly hurricane with mile-high waves provides the perfect cover for stealing $600 million from a U.S. Treasury outpost in Mississippi.
documentary:Featuring legendary and up-and-coming MMA fighters, this documentary details the history of the brutal sport and the fighters' struggles and triumphs.
action:Wiped clean of memories and thrown together, a group of strangers fight to survive harsh realities – and the island that traps them.
anime:A boy suddenly orphaned fights his parents' killer to save a planet, and discovers a new world of danger — and wonder.
comedy:From the mind of comedian Iliza Shlesinger comes a fun, irreverent mix of kooky characters, sly social commentary and pop culture gags.
action:When a deal with the devil comes due, the immortal Doctor Parnassus must renegotiate the pact to save his daughter and right the wrongs of his past.
drama:Tracking one family's harrowing experiences, this gripping drama depicts the chaos generated by the massive 2004 tsunami in Southeast Asia.
international:She swore not to meddle in her kids' lives like her mother-in-law meddled in hers. But when her sons get married, that vow proves not so easy to keep.
children:Four clever school kids start their own detective agency and vlog about their adventures, becoming fast friends in the process.
other:This rib-tickling series follows four English lads as they try – and fail spectacularly – to navigate the wretched no-man's land of adolescence.
international:Two criminals race down a stairwell, a cop close behind. A bickering family begins a road trip. Their journeys will take far longer than expected.
comedy:Burned by a bad breakup, a struggling New York City playwright makes an unlikely connection with a divorced app designer she meets on a blind date.
children:Sebastian the elephant and his feline friend Mithco sail on a gigantic peach to rescue Sunnytown's beloved mayor, who's stranded on a mysterious island.
children:"When Elastigirl gets recruited for a high-profile crime-fighting mission, Mr. Incredible takes on his toughest assignment ever: full-time parenting."
crime:In this crime dramedy, a suspended Canadian cop visits his father in Mumbai and assists in investigating a huge criminal operation with links to home.
children:A boy receives a wooden cupboard, antique keys and an Iroquois warrior figurine for his birthday. The figurine comes to life overnight in the cabinet.
horror:Back in her childhood home to help her sister care for their comatose mother, Alicia must face a dark force from her past that now threatens her child.
comedy:While gathering evidence against his employer to help the FBI build a price-fixing case, Mark Whitacre begins to piece together a fantasy world.
crime:A former Marine poses as an inmate inside a Mexican prison in order to infiltrate a gang suspected of kidnapping a U.S. judge's teen daughter.
crime:The Innocence Project unravels missteps and deceit in a series of wrongful convictions, exposing the injustice inflicted on victims and the accused.
crime:This documentary adaptation of John Grisham's only nonfiction book raises troubling questions about two murder cases in Ada, Oklahoma, in the 1980s.
other:Runaway teen lovers June and Harry find themselves swept up in a dangerous and confusing new world when June begins to display mysterious abilities.
drama:After burgeoning criminal Gunz joins the increasingly violent TIC crew, the gang finds itself dealing with threats from all sides.
drama:During a trip to Jamaica, a London gang targets a disloyal member who has been meeting with rivals. Meanwhile, an undercover cop stands among them.
drama:A footballer for a local club aspires to join the big leagues then gets his shot at going pro, fueling his team's rise to victory.
other:When a man who's seemingly lost everything is grabbed by police for questioning, it starts a twisted cat-and-mouse game between him and a detective.
comedy:"In need of a caregiver, a wealthy aristocrat with quadriplegia hires the last person anyone expects: an ex-con with no experience. Based on a true story."
comedy:In a world where no one fibs, a screenwriter gains fame and fortune – and maybe the girl of his dreams – by saying things that aren't true.
other:After 40 years of inconclusive evidence, renowned criminologist Mark Williams-Thomas re-examines a string of mysterious murders.
international:When an FBI-trained cop returns to her Navarre hometown to catch a killer targeting local teens, she must also face personal demons from her past.
international:After waking next to his now-dead lover in a hotel room, a young businessman hires a prominent lawyer to figure out how he ended up a murder suspect.
horror:A man accepts an invitation to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife, an unsettling affair that reopens old wounds and creates new tensions.
crime:This documentary crime series charts the rise of the Irish Mob in America, from urban immigrant poverty to political power and wealth.
drama:Hit man Frank Sheeran looks back at the secrets he kept as a loyal member of the Bufalino crime family in this acclaimed film from Martin Scorsese.
documentary:Join director Martin Scorsese as he sits down with stars Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and Joe Pesci for an intimate, intriguing look inside The Irishman.
drama:Margaret Thatcher, the first female prime minister of Britain, navigates a career destined to change the rules of leadership and politics.
anime:Siblings Tatsuya and Miyuki enroll at Magic High School, where Miyuki's honors status comes between her and her underachieving older brother.
drama:When a colonel uncovers controversial intel about the government, he makes a shocking discovery and must decide whether to reveal it or risk his life.
other:Aided by a tech-illiterate manager, a pair of basement-dwelling dweebs makes the most of life in IT at a corporation run by a cloddish new owner.
documentary:Filmmakers infiltrate the corrupt global network of ivory trafficking, exposing poachers and dealers as African elephants edge closer to extinction.
documentary:This documentary explores a bold World War II operation in which an MI5 agent infiltrated a fascist network to intercept stolen documents.
documentary:Mexican journalist and UFO investigator Jaime Maussan travels the world collecting evidence and firsthand accounts of extraterrestrial phenomena.
comedy:Six book club members find their lives resemble a modern-day version of Jane Austen's novels in this drama.
comedy:Trending news, pop culture, social media, original sketches and more come together in host Joel McHale's new weekly comedy commentary show.
drama:Spirited 22-year-old activist and photojournalist Dan Eldon rushes to the frontline of a dangerous relief effort for Somalian refugees in this biopic.
crime:After a traumatic incident at a party makes her a target of gossip and derision, a young college student tries to change her school's toxic culture.
children:This animated series follows young Mowgli and his animal mentors Bagheera and Baloo, who do their best to protect him from fierce tiger Shere Khan.
drama:An idealistic young woman travels to the jungles of Indonesia to teach literacy – and much more – to local children.
international:A fugitive soldier gets swept up in personal and political intrigue when he's hired as a bodyguard for the family of a presidential candidate.
children:After moving to Beijing with his mother, Dre falls prey to a bully, so he takes lessons from a martial arts master in this remake of the 1984 classic.
crime:This docuseries examines the decades-old murder of Sister Catherine Cesnik and its suspected link to a priest accused of abuse.
drama:Years after the death of their only child and subsequent divorce, a couple discovers that their son's ghost continues to inhabit their former home.
action:In lawless badlands, reclusive Cabeleira sets out to discover the fate of his gunman father and grows to be a feared assassin himself.
drama:A surgeon's carefully curated life edges toward disaster when a troubled teenage boy with mysterious motives begins to impose himself on his family.
drama:A devoted teacher takes interest in a young student's creative potential after hearing his poetry. But she soon crosses the line into obsession.
other:Host Leon Logothetis travels the world with only a vintage motorbike and the kindness of strangers, which he pays back in unexpected, inspiring ways.
drama:Wayward Prince Hal must turn from carouser to warrior king as he faces hostilities from inside and outside the castle walls in the battle for England.
crime:A modern-day Korean emperor passes through a mysterious portal and into a parallel world, where he encounters a feisty police detective.
international:When an elite gamer is forced out of his professional team, he becomes a manager of an Internet café and reinvents himself to return to online glory.
drama:In this biographical drama, Britain's King George VI struggles with an embarrassing stutter until he seeks help from speech therapist Lionel Logue.
international:In the midnight hour, a lone DJ broadcasts the strangest – and scariest – tales from the outer edges of Kirlian, a lost city somewhere in Argentina.
comedy:When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend.
comedy:With college decisions looming, Elle juggles her long-distance romance with Noah, changing relationship with bestie Lee and feelings for a new classmate.
drama:In an occupied village, a teen girl is set to wed a stranger. But when she crosses over to meet her betrothed, her heart gets entangled at the border.
children:Medieval magic sends a 14th-century knight to modern-day Ohio, where he falls for a high school science teacher who's disillusioned by love.
comedy:Acting coach Sandy Kominsky and best friend Norman Newlander keep each other laughing as they navigate the ups and downs of getting older.
romance:This trailblazing series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians who call Los Angeles home.
international:The wife of a corporate heir finds her luxurious life overturned by a mysterious woman who joins the household as a caregiver for her father-in-law.
drama:A lonely doctor begins writing letters to the frustrated architect who lives in her former home, only to discover that they're living two years apart.
children:A big-dreaming donkey escapes his menial existence and befriends some free-spirited animal pals in this imaginative retelling of the Nativity Story.
other:A group of peasant farmers fights to protect their village against a corrupt landowner. Adapted from the popular novel by Abdel Rahman al-Sharqawi.
drama:A royal prince arrives on an island of fascist rule and inspires a rebellion among its women in this hallucinogenic adaptation of a classic play.
international:A hardworking man in a thankless job meets a mysterious doctor who sells him powerful pills that throw his life into disarray.
comedy:After leaving his wife and his job to find happiness, Anders begins a clumsy, heartbreaking quest to reassemble the pieces of his fractured life.
documentary:In the rugged mountains of Afghanistan, armed bands of young boys survive by scavenging for old land mines, mining lapis lazuli and trading in opium.
children:In this movie sequel to the hit series, Chuck returns home and talks to a reporter about life on the island with zany larva pals Red and Yellow.
action:In a world ravaged by the Fire nation's aggression toward the peaceful Air, Water and Earth nations, a young boy holds the key to restoring peace.
drama:A piece of unexploded ordnance wreaks havoc on the lives of a scrapyard worker whose truck it falls into and an anti-war activist who's hunting for it.
action:Private eye Joe Hallenbeck is forced to team up with a disgraced quarterback to uncover a conspiracy by a politician and a football team owner.
documentary:When social upheaval sweeps Russia in the early 20th century, Czar Nicholas II resists change, sparking a revolution and ending a dynasty.
documentary:This docuseries gives a definitive account of Michael Jordan’s career and the 1990s Chicago Bulls, packed with unaired footage from the 1997-98 season.
action:A bank robber joins a plot to commit one final, historic heist before the government turns on a mind-altering signal that will end all criminal behavior.
other:Successful writer Beth's tepid marriage and home life face a new round of challenges when her footloose younger sister arrives for an extended visit.
horror:Ready to expose his miraculous deeds as mere trickery, a famed evangelist invites a documentary crew to film his final exorcism.
drama:Savage civil war and a dispute over humanitarian assistance threaten to unravel a checkered romance between an aid director and a doctor.
comedy:In this biblical Hangover spoof, the apostles awaken to find Jesus is missing and must piece together events of the previous night's wild Last Supper.
drama:In this compelling true story, two Peruvian detectives go undercover to locate and capture the elusive leader of the Shining Path guerrilla army.
children:When zombies and monsters invade his hometown, a scrappy 13-year-old orphan teams up with his friends in hopes of surviving the chaos.
other:As Alfred the Great defends his kingdom from Norse invaders, Uhtred – born a Saxon but raised by Vikings – seeks to claim his ancestral birthright.
comedy:After moving to a retirement home, restless talent manager Al reconnects with long-ago client Buddy and coaxes him back out on the comedy circuit.
documentary:Astronaut Gene Cernan looks back on the exciting history of NASA's lunar landings and how being the last man to stand on the moon changed his life.
comedy:After 15 years behind bars, a kindhearted ex-drug dealer returns to Brooklyn looking for a fresh start, only to discover things have changed. A lot.
international:The year is 2041 and a dispute between a man and his wife has set the human race back. In this battle of the sexes, the primitive life isn't so simple.
documentary:In the waning days of the 70s, two young photographers document the Jewish retirees who dominated the sunny shores of South Beach.
action:An ex-colonel forms a special paramilitary group focused on combatting drug trafficking on the Paraguayan border.
documentary:In a last-ditch effort to prevent suicide, a clinically depressed young man travels to the Amazon to engage in an ancient hallucinatory ritual.
comedy:Teens from a Chicago high school grapple with their dreams, relationships and identities in a transformative summer before they leave for college.
drama:A hard-hitting reporter becomes entangled in the story she’s trying to break when she helps her ailing father broker an arms deal in Central America.
drama:After a star player dies during football practice, his coach’s career and reputation are on the line as he refuses to quit his win-at-all-costs style.
international:Suddenly a widow, a woman rekindles her thirst for life by becoming a eulogist while navigating the existential landscape of death, grief and love.
comedy:A sex therapist with pituitary issues finally gets to experience puberty in all its glory at age 30, when an operation unleashes his raging hormones.
comedy:When a widow gets swindled out of insurance money, her search for answers leads to two cunning lawyers in Panama who hide cash for the superrich.
comedy:A physicist uses the laws of thermodynamics to describe romance and relationships, but his theories prove faulty when it comes to his own love life.
documentary:Pro cycling’s Movistar Team sets their sights on victory while on the road as they face challenges, controversy and internal conflict.
action:A star of hunting videos strives to bond with his 12-year-old son on a wilderness trip but learns familial connections can't be forced.
international:A year after solving a series of murders, detective Amaia is faced with a related mystery in the Baztán Valley that ends up hitting very close to home.
documentary:This documentary explores the growing trend of marijuana decriminalization in the U.S. and the use of cannabis in medicine, art, fine dining and more.
drama:This biopic chronicles the life and times of iconic Indian revolutionary Bhagat Singh, who led an armed resistance against the British in the 1920.
international:The brief but spectacular career of martial arts superstar Bruce Lee is recounted in this drama, starring Danny Chan as the enigmatic and driven Lee.
documentary:An urban legend about a duffel bag of cocaine buried in the Caribbean leads a misfit band to hatch a nutball plan to find it in this comic documentary.
children:A female avatar who can control the elements fights to keep her city safe from the evil forces of both the physical and spiritual worlds.
comedy:After a life of crime, a notorious kidnapper tries to change his ways and turn over a new leaf to win the heart of the woman he loves.
international:In this new take on a classic tale, an ancient snake spirit transforms into a beautiful woman and falls in love with a doctor unaware of her true form.
international:Audrey, mother of a 2-month-old, joins a new-parents support group, where she makes some quirky friends facing various challenges and life changes.
other:A young knight in training contends with ancient prophecies, magical powers and fickle companions as he sets out on an epic quest to save his kingdom.
drama:A young boy from Johannesburg arrives in KwaZulu-Natal and begins to read letters for villagers — then falls in love with one of the recipients.
crime:At the CARE detective agency, investigators see a lot of action but must always keep their cases secret, even when it affects their personal lives.
international:A talented singer falls in love at first sight with a music prodigy who has an affinity for lies – and a knack for being a hit-making producer.
action:A diverse, deeply brave crew of ragtag soldiers become some of the most heroic fighters of the European invasion in World War II. Based on true events.
crime:After her father dies and her husband goes missing, Kim Seo-hui teams up with detective Jo Tae-sik and joins the National Assembly.
drama:A Holocaust survivor running a daycare business forms an unlikely friendship with a bitter street kid when she takes him in after he robs her.
drama:When a lazy young man replaces his father as the elevator operator of a posh residential complex, what he sees as menial work soon takes on new meaning.
drama:A composer hides his love for his formerly blind ex when she returns to Egypt engaged to his childhood friend — the doctor who restored her sight.
drama:A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hopes that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection.
drama:A girl born with a condition that causes abnormal hair growth across her body tries to cope with the challenges of being different.
comedy:Life at a convent takes an unruly turn when three unconventionally opinionated nuns cross paths with a tempting new gardener.
children:In this take on the classic tale, a captive circus mermaid transforms the lives of a skeptical journalist and his wide-eyed young sister.
international:An orphaned Chinese woman in Singapore refuses to yield to her lowly station in life, setting her family on a tumultuous course for generations.
children:When an overscheduled girl befriends an eccentric aviator, he regales her with tales about the adventures of an unusual boy who lives on an asteroid.
comedy:The discovery of the tomb of William Tell’s son in a town in the Basque Country spurs the village's cantankerous citizens to lobby for Swiss annexation.
children:An American kid obsessed with the undead befriends and offers to help a young vampire whose family is being targeted by a merciless vampire hunter.
drama:"Beirut resident Soraya is drawn to two men: daredevil photographer Nabil and Talal, who must embrace his feudal heritage when his father is kidnapped."
drama:As a secret police agent eavesdrops on a successful writer in East Germany in 1984, he becomes increasingly fascinated by the man's life and politics.
crime:Exonerated in the murder of her father and stepmother, Lizzie Borden takes on crime lords, detectives and other foes as she savors her new infamy.
comedy:In a near-future world, single people are hunted and forced to find mates within 45 days, or be turned into animals and banished to the wilderness.
horror:Twin siblings live under a curse in their ancestral home, but one of them is tempted to defy house rules, angering the spirits keeping them hostage.
comedy:The Lonely Island spoofs notorious baseball stars Jose Canseco and Mark McGwire in this visual rap album set in the Bash Brothers' 1980s heyday.
comedy:Bound for art school, a sheltered student gets roped into the antics of a freewheeling mechanic who hitches a ride after fixing his car.
documentary:Faced with terminal breast cancer, a courageous wife and mother turns her suffering into a resilient message of faith, love and compassion.
other:Washed-up professional quarterback Paul Crewe is sent to jail and forced to put together an inmate gridiron team to take on a group of prison guards.
comedy:When an 11-year-old girl becomes Pop Warner football's first female quarterback, she raises eyebrows – till she takes her team to the brink of glory.
documentary:In a society terrorized into silence, the brother of a 1960s Indonesian genocide victim learns the identity of his murderers and confronts them.
action:Aragorn is revealed as the heir to the ancient kings as he, Gandalf and the other members of the broken fellowship struggle to save Gondor.
action:Frodo and Sam head to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin.
drama:While settling the affairs of his murdered mother and brother, a man partners with a local thug in a life insurance scam, putting him on a dark path.
drama:Looking to start anew, a widow retreats with her children to her aunt's goat farm, where the ranch's manager helps her navigate country life and loss.
comedy:A disillusioned security guard transforms into a masquerade, channeling ancestral spirits as he roams the streets of Lagos.
drama:Feeling betrayed by their romantic partners' infidelity, Adrianne and Vince struggle to forgive while finding comfort with each other.
comedy:Raised on an ashram in India, a self-styled love guru returns to his native America to settle a romantic rivalry between two pro hockey players.
action:When a couple in the fast lane to splitsville accidentally careens into a murder, they take off on a wild race to find the killer and clear their names.
comedy:On the verge of divorce, a middle-aged couple, each involved in a serious affair, rethink their marriage and the meaning of love and fidelity.
documentary:This firsthand account tells of two kidnapped South Korean movie professionals who became the unwilling personal filmmakers of dictator Kim Jong-il.
drama:A priest's duties are tested when a young guerrilla asks for absolution while confessing his plans to murder a local man he believes is a traitor.
comedy:To avoid punishment for his misdeeds, an arrogant god accepts a mission to reform three mortals on earth, where he must also contend with a demon.
documentary:Doctors, farmers, chefs and others weigh in on the controversial ketogenic diet and its potential to eradicate common illnesses.
children:Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic School Bus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill – and even inside the human body!
children:Ms. Frizzle's kid sister Fiona takes the wheel at Walkerville Elementary, leading the class on wild adventures packed with science-fueled fun.
children:Ms. Frizzle's class sees every show on a pop star's New Year's Eve tour, learning about time zones as they attend all her concerts on the same night.
children:The Magic School Bus kids blast into orbit — and onto the International Space Station — only to find themselves on the run from a giant tardigrade!
children:Lightning splits the Magic School Bus into three pieces, scattering the class across the globe with different versions of Ms. Frizzle aboard each bus!
drama:When grad student Quentin Coldwater enters a college specializing in magic, he learns that the mythic fantasy world he once read about is very real.
children:Using special powers from a magical mask, a young WWE fan causes chaos when he enters a wrestling competition and fights an intimidating rival.
other:Documentary crew members brave Earth's most frigid regions to capture the majesty and mystery found in the chillier side of the animal kingdom.
action:Leveraging his ability to withstand pain, a young man trains to follow in the footsteps of his martial-arts hero in this high-action, meta comedy.
documentary:This irreverent documentary reveals how charming entertainer Jan Lewan bilked investors out of millions in a complicated investment scam.
drama:A gravity-defying boy raised in seclusion matures into an extraordinary man – and an international celebrity – who longs for human connection.
comedy:A group of students celebrates New Year's at a remote Belgian estate, where their substance-fueled revelry soon descends into a bloodstained nightmare.
international:A jaded rom-com screenwriter in her 30s mines four love-sick women for their stories under the guise of providing them with romantic advice.
comedy:Hailing from different classes, a young man and his wife try to find their version of happily married when both yearn to leave their old lives behind.
children:Self-professed teenage space nerds at Space Camp chase their dreams of traveling to Mars, while experts reflect on NASA's history and future.
action:An aging Zorro passes the torch to a young successor, schooling him in discipline and training him to take up the sword against crooked officials.
children:After the school principal gets pranked, a curious crew of preteen super sleuths tests their detective skills to solve an underwater ruse.
drama:A heavy-drinking loner finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new religion.
drama:One football match on a dirt pitch near Rome becomes a day of reckoning as a young player, his coach and their team's owner wrestle internal demons.
action:A computer hacker learns that what most people perceive as reality is actually a simulation created by machines, and joins a rebellion to break free.
action:The crew must protect Zion, the last outpost still under human control, after it is pinpointed by the machines responsible for the Matrix.
action:The final installment in the Matrix trilogy finds an unconscious Neo trapped in a subway station in a zone between the Matrix and the machine world.
horror:While traveling with her German boyfriend, Selma is confronted by the violent remnants of the Bosnian War and the ethnic cleansing her family faced.
documentary:A look at how a world-renowned medical institution prioritizes patients' needs and has adapted to healthcare's evolving demands for over 150 years.
drama:With the presidency in mind, the incumbent mayor of Seoul runs for an unprecedented third term – and will stop at nothing to keep his secrets hidden.
documentary:Five Pythons reflect on their creative process, politics, television and the making of their award-winning final film, The Meaning of Life.
crime:A scandal erupts in Brazil during an investigation of alleged government corruption via oil and construction companies. Loosely inspired by true events.
drama:When the accidental death of a couple's young son sends them grieving in opposite directions, they're forced to re-examine their life and marriage.
other:This documentary centers on the crew of the B-17 Flying Fortress Memphis Belle as it prepares to execute a strategic bombing mission over Germany.
comedy:A journalist latches onto an unbelievable story in Iraq when he meets Lyn, a man of mysterious origins who reveals he was a warrior monk.
international:A teacher starts her job at a high school but is haunted by a suspicious death that occurred there weeks before... and begins fearing for her own life.
drama:A group of strangers who are killed by a mysterious object soon come back to life and learn they have been chosen to prevent the apocalypse.
crime:An ambitious young law enforcement graduate is thrilled when her idol takes her on as a trainee. But his methods aren't anything like she imagined.
comedy:Grudges and rivalries abound as three adult siblings converge in New York to contend with their prickly artist father – and his fading legacy.
comedy:A debt collector takes over the management of a group of starlets after their talent agent defaults on a loan, but soon finds he's in over his head.
comedy:Traversing trippy worlds inside his universe simulator, a space caster explores existential questions about life, death and everything in between.
drama:In the aftermath of a global catastrophe, a lone scientist in the Arctic races to contact a crew of astronauts with a warning not to return to Earth.
documentary:Farmers, scientists and industry insiders delve into the hidden costs and consequences of global dairy production and offer up possible solutions.
comedy:To pull off a massive heist, a charismatic con artist attempts to rob a fortified home with the help of a team he can't completely trust.
documentary:Producer and narrator Anthony Bourdain explores the creative processes of international celebrity chefs to learn what fuels their culinary artistry.
documentary:Ever wonder what's happening inside your head? From dreaming to anxiety disorders, discover how your brain works with this illuminating series.
documentary:They've built a movement out of minimalism. Longtime friends Joshua Fields Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus share how our lives can be better with less.
children:Some have big feet or a sniffly nose, others are clumsy or too sweaty – but these kids soon discover their mini problems can become superpowers.
crime:A millionaire publisher gets a blackmail note — his decision can mean life or death. Inspired by a Jack London story but set in contemporary Madrid.
international:Three officers from different eras work for a secret agency guarding Spain's past from time-traveling intruders trying to manipulate history.
international:Polar opposites in personality and looks, fraternal twin sisters who live completely different lives wake up one day to find they've switched bodies.
crime:In an early-'80s Polish town, a prostitute and a youth leader are found killed, but the police's handling of the case makes two journalists suspicious.
action:A young boy is taken to his mother's birth home in Africa, where a mystical adventure in an ominous forest turns into a journey of self-discovery.
international:A single mom and skilled chef yearns for her children to settle down and offers them life lessons through the special dishes she creates.
drama:Trapped by a mysterious fog, residents of a Maine village discover that it hides nightmarish creatures. A new series based on Stephen King's novella.
drama:The mistress of a wealthy businessman is torn between her loyalty to him and her love for a young architect connected to her in unexpected ways.
documentary:Jessica and Diana were sisters who were separated by just a few years in age. But their political ideologies couldn't have been any farther apart.
drama:Danish teen Emma moves to Paris hoping to become a top model, but her dreams soon unravel when her affair with photographer Shane turns obsessive.
horror:A troubled mother-daughter relationship faces the ultimate test when the duo’s broken-down car leaves them trapped within reach of a vicious creature.
drama:Real events are dramatized in the unthinkable story of a resilient teenager held prisoner by a seasoned predator on a remote farm in the 1980s.
documentary:Brave people get onstage to read hilarious and humiliating tales of gawky teenage love, family dysfunction and other stories from their younger years.
drama:In 1930s Paris, an actress famous for her gory death scenes at the Grand Guignol Theater contends with a mysterious stalker and ghosts from her past.
international:A stalled career, failed marriage and receding hairline drive a middle-aged Swedish man to try to revitalize his life by visiting India.
drama:This drama follows the controversial life of outspoken atheist Madalyn Murray O'Hair, from her landmark court battles to her infamous abduction.
documentary:Traversing disciplines from physics to psychology, nine scientists share ideas and seek common ground by delving into deep existential questions.
comedy:An aspiring writer with no imagination seeks inspiration for his novel by manipulating the lives of his neighbors so that he can write about them.
documentary:These blockbusters brought us together and gave us the time of our lives. Meet the actors, directors and industry insiders who made them happen.
children:Mr. Peabody and Sherman host a zany late-night comedy show from a swanky penthouse, with time-traveling historical figures and a live audience.
children:When the Muppets learn that their beloved theater is slated for demolition, the gang reunite to raise the $10 million they need to save it.
other:This series tracks the ups and downs of an 18-month investigation into the 2014 stabbing murder of teenager Nicholas Robinson in Bristol, England.
drama:Based on the autobiography by tenor Andrea Bocelli, this musical biopic chronicles his life from his bumpy childhood to his meteoric rise to fame.
international:In 1980s Japan, one determined man turned every crushing setback into opportunity. His name was Toru Muranishi, and he revolutionized his industry.
comedy:Bumbling cop Frank Drebin is out to foil the big boys in the energy industry, who intend to suppress technology that would put them out of business.
comedy:Hapless cop Frank Drebin causes more problems than he solves while trying to stop a deadly plot involving Queen Elizabeth II.
other:A gifted baseball player whose life has taken some startling turns becomes a 35-year-old rookie who helps a cellar-dwelling team get back in the game.
other:This documentary urged African Americans to enlist and join in the effort to be part of America's continuing fight in World War II.
international:Self-centered Javier's life gets a bit messy when he unexpectedly becomes a superhero – and his recent ex is tasked with uncovering his identity.
comedy:Hosts David Spade, Fortune Feimster and London Hughes welcome guests from the newest and biggest Netflix titles for fun conversations, skits and more.
comedy:"David Spade, Fortune Feimster and London Hughes welcome guests from Tiger King, Emily in Paris, The Queen's Gambit and more. Plus: Kevin Hart."
children:A valiant girl liberates the Monkey King – a god long trapped in stone – in a quest to find seven sacred scrolls and save the world from evil.
comedy:Fed up with dating and debt, a naïve college senior documents her experience of being with a wealthy, older man for a gonzo journalism grant.
action:In Boston, karate master Mr. Miyagi finds a new pupil in troubled teen Julie Pierce when she gets bullied by a group of relentless classmates.
drama:When a withdrawn, long-missing teenager reappears in a chilly alpine town, his heartbroken family begins to wonder if he's actually who he says he is.
children:This drama series follows young dancers at the Next Step Dance Studio as they attempt to win the coveted regional dance championships.
drama:After a charming guest checks in, a voyeuristic hotel clerk on the autism spectrum becomes a suspect in a murder that takes place during his shift.
action:After sparing a girl's life during a massacre, an elite Triad assassin is targeted by an onslaught of murderous gangsters.
drama:After returning from a dangerous tour of duty, an Army doctor finds that working the night shift at a San Antonio hospital can be treacherous, too.
documentary:This U.S.-focused series dives into the cultural and political changes that swept the last decade of the 20th century. Executive produced by Tom Hanks.
documentary:For 13 years, the underground neo-Nazi organization NSU eluded German police while planting bombs, robbing banks and killing immigrants at random.
children:When his grouchy attitude gets him kicked out of the park, Surly the squirrel hatches a plan to rob Maury's Nut Shop to stock up for winter.
children:When her late mother gifts her a key, Clara embarks on a dreamlike journey full of fantasy and conflict in this retelling of the holiday classic.
drama:Seven years after vanishing from her home, a young woman returns with mysterious new abilities and recruits five strangers for a secret mission.
international:Two doctors with opposite approaches to treating patients clash on the job and must learn to trust each other's expertise, allowing love to bloom.
other:An unemployed advertising executive begins stalking the new tenants of his former home and his motives toward the family turn sinister.
comedy:This hit comedy chronicles the foibles of disgruntled office workers – led by deluded boss Michael Scott – at the Dunder Mifflin paper company.
action:Four undying warriors who've secretly protected humanity for centuries become targeted for their mysterious powers just as they discover a new immortal.
documentary:While carrying out prison sentences, five notorious thieves in Mexico City share their principles, preferred methods and respect for the craft.
children:Two quirky cats, Ollie and Moon, and their friend Stanley the snail travel the world, solving everyday problems and learning about different cultures.
comedy:Confronted with the potential end of their marriage, Ethan and Sophie take off for a weekend together, hoping to negotiate their future.
comedy:"Raising her large family alone after her husband's death, Ina searches for work and finally lands the most unlikely job: president of the Philippines."
horror:Following a tragedy, a mother and her teen son move to a relative's vacant vacation home, where eerie and unexplained forces conspire against them.
international:Out to avenge his mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
comedy:Director Spike Lee documents the last night of the hit comedy tour featuring comics Steve Harvey, Cedric the Entertainer, D.L. Hughley and Bernie Mac.
drama:The Mikaelsons move to New Orleans and form an alliance with local witches in an effort to rule the city once again in this Vampire Diaries spinoff.
drama:When a graduate student elopes with a plucky reporter, his wealthy, possessive mother connives with his militant brother-in-law to wreck the union.
action:New York cops Allen and Terry toil in obscurity as lowly desk jockeys until a big break finally gives them a chance to tackle real police work.
documentary:This chronicle of Bob Weir highlights his brotherhood with Jerry Garcia and his success as a member of one of the world's most influential bands.
other:On the last day of his life, a legendary director struggles to complete a new project and contemplates his legacy in this layered film by Orson Welles.
drama:As World War I looms, an American nurse travels to the Ottoman Empire on a medical mission, where she clashes with a dashing lieutenant.
comedy:After failing to strike a truce with their school's queen bee, two misfit best friends lead a nerd uprising that turns social hierarchy on its head.
action:A group of vastly outnumbered U.S. soldiers at a remote Afghanistan base must fend off a brutal offensive by Taliban fighters in the Battle of Kamdesh.
other:A frontier sheriff tries to protect his sadistic son from a Chinese railroad worker hellbent on revenge.
crime:A trio of delinquent brothers fends off neighborhood rivals until one joins a gang to gain protection for the upper-class girl he loves.
comedy:After their buddy suffers an unfortunate accident during spring break, four pals risk everything – including their dignity – to make him whole again.
comedy:Three gay siblings are told by their terminally ill father that they must each produce a grandchild in order to inherit their share of his fortune.
international:A construction magnate takes over a struggling newspaper and attempts to wield editorial influence for power and personal gain.
drama:Unable to face his new reality in a wheelchair, Ángel develops a deadly obsession with the woman who left him and unleashes a sinister revenge plot.
comedy:In this Moesha spinoff, undergraduate Kim is joined at Santa Monica College by her mother Nikki, who decides to go back to school with her daughter.
action:After witnessing a murder, Simon Garden is framed – and the only evidence that proves his innocence is a videotape locked inside a bank vault.
drama:The lives and careers of two professional soccer players are profoundly impacted by a single moment of intimacy that took place between them.
action:After terrorists trigger a nuclear blast in Russia, a U.S. Special Forces intelligence agent and a nuclear weapons expert come to the rescue.
drama:When law student Darby Shaw theorizes about the assassinations of two Supreme Court justices, she is put in danger and turns to a reporter for help.
comedy:To earn money for college, a high schooler launches an app offering his services as a fake date. But when real feelings emerge, things get complicated.
documentary:French soccer fans, celebrities and athletes retrace the exhilarating events of July 12, 1998, as France earned a historic win in the World Cup final.
comedy:After accepting a colossal bribe, a powerful TV conglomerate gins up fake news stories to enhance the image of a notoriously corrupt politician.
international:A night market vendor clashes with a lofty celebrity chef in a culinary challenge, fueling the first sparks of a romance.
comedy:From flawed husbands to shaky finances, new complications test a close circle of friends who must lean on each other in a new decade of their lives.
horror:In this twisty horror-thriller, a once-promising music prodigy reconnects with her former mentors, only to find them taken with a talented new pupil.
comedy:A shy freshman struggling with depression deals with his best friend's suicide and his first love in this engaging coming-of-age tale.
drama:In 1870, a disfigured recluse roams beneath a Parisian opera house and takes under his wing a young soprano, with whom a love triangle develops.
crime:After his son's tragic death, a Louisiana pharmacist goes to extremes to expose the rampant corruption behind the opioid addiction crisis.
drama:A Catalán prisoner at a Nazi concentration camp uses his office job to steal photo negatives of the atrocities committed there. Based on true events.
action:A medical apprentice in 11th-century Persia disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians.
children:Bumbling Inspector Clouseau must solve the murder of a world-famous soccer coach and catch the thief who stole his priceless diamond ring.
children:In this spritely tale, Tinker Bell and her friends set out to find free-spirited fairy Zarina after she makes off with some precious Blue Pixie Dust.
drama:An aspiring journalist travels to Somalia in hopes of making a name for himself by covering dangerous pirates and hijackers.
children:An egotistical pirate captain strives to win the Pirate of the Year Award, but to snag the coveted prize, he'll have to outwit his dreaded rivals.
documentary:Go behind the scenes at Pixar Animation Studios with this Emmy-nominated documentary tracing the creation and history of the groundbreaking company.
drama:A violent confrontation between a motorcycle-riding bank robber and a rookie cop spirals into a tense generational feud.
international:After a body is found sewn inside a cow hide, a Wrocław detective discovers a killer is recreating an 18th-century plague of criminal punishments.
drama:After being sent to a remote prison, three young men suffer under the watchful eye of their jailer and make a meticulous plan to escape.
international:A programming genius builds a fact-finding, truth-seeking internet portal while reckoning with trouble at home.
documentary:Coaches with championship résumés share their personal rules for success in sports and life in this reflective and inspiring documentary series.
comedy:To save his father’s company from bankruptcy, a rich, spoiled playboy is forced to wed a no-nonsense woman, who's just as unhappy to be marrying him.
comedy:From campy lies to sexy surprises, this collection of vignettes captures the follies of several men as they fumble with fidelity and relationships.
children:In this warm-hearted tale, a young boy's faith in the holiday spirit is revived after he makes his way by train to the North Pole on Christmas Eve.
comedy:"Rich kid Payton has always known he's going to be president. But first he has to navigate the most treacherous political landscape of all: high school."
comedy:Determined to make it big in America, Polish-born bandleader Jan Lewan draws his fans into a Ponzi scheme in this comedy based on a true story.
documentary:This colorful documentary explores the origins and impact of He-Man, a character whose power stretched well beyond a toy line and children's TV show.
comedy:The personal barber to the president, as well as his wife and only son, get tangled in the political chaos that gripped South Korea in the late 1900s.
drama:Struggling to balance family ties and a career, a rising comedian of Parisian banlieue roots learns the true price of fame.
action:A former Mafia hit man living quietly as a mechanic veers back into his old world after his daughter is abducted and faces an old foe in New Orleans.
comedy:A hardworking Wisconsin college student falls for her arrogant yet charming classmate, unaware that he's a Danish prince attending school incognito.
international:A tennis whiz beats the odds to excel on the court while juggling school and inspiring teammates. Based on the hit manga series by Takeshi Konomi.
international:Before his wedding, a cold CEO is hit by a car and awakens a changed man. As he and the driver fall in love, more changes appear on the road ahead.
children:In New Orleans during the Jazz Age, a beautiful girl named Tiana has a fateful encounter with frog prince who desperately wants to be human again.
children:When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places.
children:When Margaret's Christmas coronation complicates her love life, her double Stacy steps in to save the day. But will a third look-alike ruin their plan?
international:A princess descended from a ruined noble family disguises herself as the woman who saved her life and embarks on a mission to avenge her loved ones.
action:A cop-turned-convict discovers a crime syndicate inside a prison lorded over by an inmate crime boss – and joins in on their nightly heists.
drama:While working on the first Oxford English Dictionary, a scholar receives thousands of entries from a doctor with a lengthy vocabulary and dark secrets.
comedy:A group of down-on-their-luck Broadway stars shake up a small Indiana town as they rally behind a teen who just wants to attend prom with her girlfriend.
drama:As the Ottoman Empire enters WWI, a love triangle involving an Armenian medical student, an artist and an American journalist takes a harrowing turn.
anime:When three gifted kids learn that their isolated orphanage isn’t the haven they thought, they vow to lead the other children in a risky escape plan.
international:Discovering his ties to a secret ancient order, a young man living in modern Istanbul embarks on a quest to save the city from an immortal enemy.
documentary:In a time of turbulence for the free market system, one economist explores how it has lifted billions out of poverty, and might just save us all.
drama:When Chris and his son are evicted, they face trying times as a desperate Chris accepts an unpaid internship at a stock brokerage firm.
documentary:After a snowmobile accident paralyzed him, Grant Korgan became the first athlete with a spinal cord injury to push himself to the South Pole.
documentary:How was the scientific understanding of the ancients so advanced? A team of experts answers this and other questions in this fascinating series.
other:From wartime drafts to evening gowns, this candid time capsule documents a 1967 beauty pageant that offers an inside look at competitive drag.
international:Years after Spanish conquistador Pedro de Heredia betrayed her people and broke her heart, indigenous woman Catalina reenters his life to get revenge.
crime:Seventeen years after being wrongly imprisoned, a talented songwriter seeks justice against the men who caused her downfall and killed her family.
drama:In a 1950s orphanage, a young girl reveals an astonishing talent for chess and begins an unlikely journey to stardom while grappling with addiction.
documentary:Rachel Dolezal, her family and her critics reckon with the aftermath of a national debate sparked by questions about her racial identity.
international:Six years after a brutal virus wipes out most of Scandinavia's population, two siblings join a band of young survivors seeking safety – and answers.
children:Two Indonesian teachers embrace an inspiring crop of gifted young students who've come to study at their crumbling Islamic primary school.
drama:A young attorney and a scrappy paralegal work to help the parents of a terminally ill boy in their suit against an insurance company.
comedy:Being a pro athlete didn't pan out for Colt. Now he's helping his dad and brother keep the ranch afloat, and figuring out how he fits into the family.
other:Young lyricists between the ages of 12 and 16 compete for a chance to sign to Jermaine Dupri's label while being mentored by hip-hop and R&B's finest.
documentary:Examine the troublesome coexistence of humans and rodents in Mumbai, where the byproducts of a big economy have led to a thriving rat population.
other:Examine the troubling history of football hooliganism and hear from real hooligans about their bitter rivalries and rowdiest brawls.
documentary:A look at the life of karate master Fumio Demura shows how he spread the discipline in the West, winning countless devotees and influencing Hollywood.
documentary:This documentary follows three players on the Miami Heat Wheels, who face long odds on the way to the national wheelchair basketball championship.
drama:Years after they were childhood sweethearts, Manuela and Olmo share a night in Madrid, where they discuss their past and the possibility of a future.
drama:Undercover agents open up a fake hotel to real tourists as a cover to help smuggle thousands of Ethiopian refugees to safety. Inspired by true events.
documentary:Questions about endurance, doping and overall toughness surround a group of elite athletes as they compete fiercely at the Reebok Crossfit Games.
drama:A drama student is torn between creative possibility and ethical boundaries when his girlfriend's family gets caught up in a sex scandal.
drama:When a town suffers an economic collapse, social unrest forces a family to seek refuge in the wilderness as bitter outlaws threaten their survival.
documentary:This documentary profiles Black visionaries in fashion who rewrote narratives on the runway and turned hip-hop style into a global phenomenon.
other:Expert artisans restore timeworn family heirlooms with touching sentimental value while also uncovering their uniquely rich histories.
drama:Living on the edges of Cairo’s Embabah neighborhood, several residents seek to better their circumstances following the January 25 Revolution.
documentary:An investigative reporter seeks to expose the whereabouts of a slush fund belonging to the former president of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak.
drama:Risking his family and future, a banker in occupied Amsterdam slows the Nazi war machine by creating an underground bank to fund the resistance.
international:On returning home and finding they're believed to be dead, a collection of near-strangers from the same village try to find a reason for their plight.
horror:After a global zombie war, the living dead are confined to a luxury island resort and hunted by tourists on safari – until the security system fails.
action:When his outlaw dad is kidnapped, Tommy “White Knife” Stockburn sets off across the West on a rescue mission with five brothers he never knew he had.
horror:When a team of special agents is sent to recover the wreckage of a downed satellite in Serbia, their mission takes a horrifying turn.
drama:Under pressure to marry, a rich playboy is conflicted between four women who each possess a different quality he desires in his ideal wife.
horror:A reporter watches a video that supposedly sets in motion the viewer's death in seven days. Can she unravel the mystery before her own time is up?
drama:After being drafted into an elite secret society, a pair of students at Oxford University see the group's extreme debauchery spiral out of control.
other:In the late 1970s, British police struggle to identify — let alone capture — the serial killer known throughout the world as the Yorkshire Ripper.
international:When a secret from the past rears its head, a respected court scholar must choose between avenging her family and staying true to the prince she loves.
horror:Four friends with a long-standing – but strained – connection take a hiking trip into the Swedish wilderness, from which they may never return.
drama:A heedless teen drifter who falls for a small-town waitress makes the mistake of robbing a drug lord, putting his life and newfound love in jeopardy.
action:A turbulent vacation turns deadly when a fugitive and his crew kidnap a river rafting guide and her family, forcing them down the dangerous river.
international:Swept up in political unrest during World War I, two sisters in St. Petersburg cope with turbulent romances as Russian history is made around them.
documentary:Aaron Paul, Vince Gilligan and other cast members, producers and crew share stories and footage from the making of El Camino.
international:After an argument with her dad, a young woman from a family of macho truck drivers is kicked out of the home and must make her own success as a trucker.
documentary:Follow the Rolling Stones as the iconic group breaks new ground in Latin America, wrapping a 10-city tour as the first-ever rock band to play in Cuba.
other:While acclimating to campus life, college freshman Sara begins to realize that her new roommate, Rebecca, is becoming obsessed with her.
horror:After a purification ritual unravels, a conflicted Taoist priest attempts to help a lonely young psychic whose aunt is possessed by a powerful demon.
international:Set in a chaotic future, this Outback saga follows loner Eric's brutal ordeal when a criminal gang takes his car and leaves him nowhere with nothing.
drama:Knocked down by life one too many times, a meek family man drastically transforms from shy to savage after an encounter with a mysterious friend.
comedy:A disenchanted chef tries to help her parents restore their failing hotel but cooks up feelings for an investor with his sights set on the property.
other:Drawing on newly available info, this show traces how the British royal family has survived the last 100 years of power struggles, politics and more.
children:When his baby brother Dil is born, Tommy Pickles and his pals decide that he's too much responsibility and try to return him to the hospital.
comedy:Johnny Depp stars in this adaptation of Hunter S. Thompson's novel about a boozy journalist who moves to Puerto Rico and falls for a taken woman.
drama:This biopic charts the rise of the rebellious California girls who formed the 1970s rock group the Runaways, paving the way for future girl musicians.
drama:A New Orleans politician finds his idealistic plans for rebuilding after a toxic oil spill unraveling thanks to a sex scandal.
documentary:Starting in 1881, this film describes how the personal battle between the royal Romanovs and Lenin's Ulyanov family led to the Russian Revolution.
drama:A rebellious teen grows up to become one of Milan's most ambitious criminals during the golden years of the 'ndrangheta Mafia in the 1980s.
drama:After contracting HIV from a tainted blood treatment, teenaged hemophiliac Ryan White is forced to fight for his right to attend public school.
action:Master thief Simon Templar – also known as the Saint – is hired by a wealthy banker to find his kidnapped daughter, but not all is as it seems.
drama:In the Old West, a Danish homesteader avenges the murder of his wife and son, only to unleash a gang leader's brutal fury.
comedy:Sisters Gail, Cynthia and Julie have talent, but their career takes off when promoter Dave convinces them to tour for U.S. troops in Vietnam.
international:Wielding a light-up sword through the dark corners of a high school, a nurse with an unusual gift protects students from monsters only she can see.
comedy:A high school teacher volunteers to transform five notorious misfits into model students — and has unintended results.
drama:Ready-to-retire safecracker Nick, flamboyant fence Max and talented but volatile thief Jackie team up to rob the Montreal Customs House.
drama:A brooding American unable to cope with personal crisis travels to suicide forest near Mount Fuji, where he meets a fellow lost wanderer.
crime:When a girl vanishes from a suburb near Mexico City, the personal goals of some involved in the case muddy the search. Based on a true story.
documentary:To determine whether we're alone in the universe, astrobiologists look to Jupiter, Mars and, closer to home, extreme environments on Earth.
horror:Learning that her father has married a woman her own age, Kanaya leaves home, only to get into an accident that lands her in a haunted hospital.
children:On a farm outside New York, Max aims to boost his confidence while in the city, Snowball attempts to rescue a tiger cub and Gidget pretends to be a cat.
drama:Manipulation and personal vendettas collide when a con artist hires a young woman to assist with his scheme to marry a wealthy heiress.
anime:When a kingdom is taken over by tyrants, the deposed princess begins a quest to find a disbanded group of evil knights to help take back her realm.
action:The Seven Deadly Sins aid the Sky People against a powerful group of demons hellbent on resurrecting a demonic beast sealed over 3,000 years ago.
documentary:This riveting film examines the case of Mike Dowd, a corrupt Brooklyn cop who became dirtier than the drug dealers he was supposed to be policing.
documentary:This series examines 1970s America, focusing on the major political and historical landmarks of the decade and the cultural response to those events.
action:After the destruction of civilization, three young heroes become Earth's last hope for salvation when a massive force of demons threatens the planet.
comedy:Three sexually frustrated men in their 60s have the adventure of a lifetime after meeting an intriguing young woman during a holiday in Mauritius.
children:They are fiercely competitive athletes, determined to become champions on one of the world's toughest golf courses. And they're still in grade school.
drama:A disillusioned reality TV host and an idealistic producer are lured by their network into producing a show in which participants kill themselves.
documentary:With rare footage and candid interviews, this documentary details the serendipitous pairing of legendary rock band Queen and powerhouse Adam Lambert.
action:Besieged by overwhelming enemy forces, Irish soldiers on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in Africa valiantly defend their outpost in this true story.
other:While suitors swoon over her cousin, a single woman takes initiative in finding herself a partner after receiving a favorable romantic fortune.
other:During their drive across the country, college pals Nick and Jonah – accompanied by Nick's girlfriend – run into major trouble in the Nevada desert.
horror:With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult.
documentary:Filmed over six years, this documentary captures the struggles of victims who suffered abuse under Gen. Francisco Franco's regime as they seek justice.
international:While researching corruption for his new book, a successful crime novelist shades the line between fiction and reality.
drama:Alluding to For Whom the Bell Tolls, this drama follows a fugitive guerrilla, deaf after an explosion, as he tries to survive in 1944 northern Spain.
horror:Stranded in a transit station one stormy night in 1968, eight strangers begin to fall victim to seizures, only to wake up disturbingly altered.
drama:When a young man leaves home to fulfill the wishes of his late father, he meets and falls in love with a woman from a very different background.
crime:When a young mother inexplicably stabs a stranger to death, a sympathetic detective struggles to unlock the mystery buried in her missing memories.
drama:An animal trapper living in an abandoned mountain town in northern Spain seeks to resolve his loneliness by securing a wife.
drama:After succumbing to her terminal illness, a teenager posthumously narrates her parents’ tenacious relationship in this drama based on a true story.
action:What do you do if your parents are kidnapped by a crew of international thieves? You begin a wild overnight adventure — complete with spy gear.
children:When evil Gargamel tries to capture them, the Smurfs flee their woodland home, pass through a magic portal and find themselves stranded in New York.
children:Evil magician Gargamel continues his quest to tap the power of the Smurfs, creating a pair of his own Smurf-alikes called the Naughties.
crime:An extraordinary sense of smell gives a crime investigator unique insight into solving mysteries, but his gift takes a toll on his personal life.
documentary:This documentary-drama hybrid explores the dangerous human impact of social networking, with tech experts sounding the alarm on their own creations.
drama:Director David Fincher's biographical drama chronicles the meteoric rise of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg from Harvard sophomore to Internet superstar.
drama:When everyone else mysteriously vanishes from their wealthy town, the teen residents of West Ham must forge their own society to survive.
drama:In this psychological thriller, painter Lorenzo's life spirals out of control as he fears his wife is trying to isolate him from their infant son.
international:Based on Korea's longest-running webtoon series, this comedy follows the ridiculous daily lives of a cartoonist, his girlfriend and his subpar family.
international:Webtoonist Cho Seok is back with more anecdotes of mix-ups, unintended antics, and bathroom blunders in this reboot starring an all-new cast.
action:After years of limited contact with Earth, an inquisitive teen who lives on Mars makes an interplanetary trek to discover his own origins.
drama:Classmates Aimee and Sutter form an unlikely friendship, and after helping Aimee raise her social confidence, Sutter begins falling for his creation.
documentary:This documentary captures the extraordinary twists and turns in the journeys of Rubik's Cube-solving champions Max Park and Feliks Zemdegs.
children:When city-raised twins move to a tumbledown country mansion, it's quite an adjustment – especially after they uncover a magical fantasy world.
drama:When an unbearable stranger arrives at a winter mountain resort and vanishes overnight, his dark past comes to light.
children:When Melvin tries to cancel Halloween, clever best friends Harold and George create their own spooky holiday – and it's a huge success!
international:In the 1960s, Israeli clerk-turned-secret agent Eli Cohen goes deep undercover inside Syria on a perilous, years-long mission to spy for Mossad.
action:While babysitting, an undercover agent is thrust back into the world of top-secret adventure when one his young charges downloads a classified file.
documentary:Based on Dr. Ahron Bregman's book, this documentary examines the life and mysterious death of Ashraf Marwan, an Egyptian billionaire and Israeli spy.
documentary:This Emmy-winning, street-level view of the 2011 Egyptian Revolution captures the astonishing uprising that led to the collapse of two governments.
comedy:This insightful drama looks at the crumbling marriage between a self-centered novelist – whose career is waning – and his up-and-coming writer wife.
crime:Accident or murder? After the mysterious death of his wife, author Michael Peterson watches his life go under the microscope.
drama:A military veteran comes home to find her father harassed by a sheriff intent on confiscating the livestock on their ranch under shady pretenses.
comedy:Comedy's freshest voices take the stage in LA for six half-hour specials packed with sly jokes, hilarious anecdotes and awkward confessions.
drama:Conducting a study on the psychology of incarceration, a Stanford professor assigns guard and prisoner roles to 24 male test subjects in a mock jail.
drama:A well-to-do British woman must venture into New Zealand's wild and dangerous unknown when her baby son is kidnapped and held for ransom.
documentary:Host Morgan Freeman explores religion's role in human history, how our beliefs connect us and possible answers to life's million-dollar questions.
documentary:Explore the forces of love, belief, power, war, peace, rebellion and freedom in this series about the ties that bind – and destroy – humanity.
international:Trapped on an island destroyed by a tsunami, the students of an elite school try to hold on to hope. But mysterious forces seem to work against them.
crime:When a stranger makes a shocking claim about his wife, family man Adam Price becomes entangled in a mystery as he desperately searches for answers.
other:When a law professor fails an ambitious student for academic dishonesty, he goes to terrifying lengths to seek revenge for more than just his grade.
action:Sent undercover to investigate suspicious activity among a group of college students, a police officer gets more invested in his role than expected.
action:After a duo of slackers dress up as policemen for a costume party, they decide to prolong their disguise — not knowing that it will lead them to danger.
documentary:Take a trip and witness the rise and fall of Tim Scully and Nicholas Sand, improbable pioneers of the drug counterculture during the 1960s.
horror:When an ex-cop becomes a superintendent of an apartment building, he suspects the sinister janitor is behind the eerie disappearances of its tenants.
children:Mixing live action and animation, this classic series brought the beloved Super Mario Bros. video game characters to television screens everywhere.
action:Following his best friend's death, Arci takes charge of her two boisterous children with some help from their gang-affiliated uncle.
documentary:They’re philosophers, storytellers and pioneers in their fields. Four surgeons reflect on their lives and professions in this inspiring docuseries.
documentary:Teens in America dedicate themselves to the Asian game of Go, which originated in ancient China, drawing meaningful life lessons along the way.
action:After a mix-up lands him in hot water, a skilled pickpocket is forced to help a no-nonsense CIA operative track a terrorist group in Paris.
action:When a group of hijackers takes passengers aboard a subway train hostage and demand a ransom, it's up to dispatcher Walter Garber to bring them down.
drama:A charming sociopath maneuvers into the lush life of a young heir. But as he embraces the posh lifestyle, he'll stop at nothing to hold onto it.
drama:After spending much of his adult life in New York, an affable economist returns home to Buenos Aires and tries to reconnect with his aloof father.
international:Social pressure, a complicated past and a clash of values beset the life of a businessman and his family.
other:When some friends visit a vandalized graveyard, they come upon a chainsaw-wielding maniac, and it's a fight to the bloody death between good and evil.
drama:As his esteem grows in the world of physics, Stephen Hawking's body is ravaged by ALS, forcing his increasing dependence on his devoted wife, Jane.
drama:A street beggar befriends a man who lost his eye in a brawl, unaware that his new acquaintance is plotting to make him his unwitting organ donor.
comedy:When aspiring fashion designer Andi reconnects with her ex-boyfriend Max, she's surprised to learn that he's in a relationship with a man.
documentary:This documentary examines a mother's tireless crusade to jail her daughter's murderer after Mexico's justice system failed to do so.
comedy:It's 1979, and engineer Sami is excited to leave his Indian village for a job in Chicago. But he soon runs into problems achieving his American dream.
documentary:This documentary highlights the endangered existence of the Scottish wildcats, and the conservation efforts required to prevent their extinction.
action:Based on the H.G. Wells classic, this adventure follows a scientist and inventor who's determined to prove to doubters that time travel is possible.
drama:Due to a genetic disorder, handsome librarian Henry involuntarily zips through time, appearing at various moments in the life of his true love.
drama:On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man.
action:An American tourist seeking solace for his shattered heart instead finds it in danger again after encountering a beautiful Interpol agent.
documentary:The minds behind history's most iconic toy franchises discuss the rise – and sometimes fall – of their billion-dollar creations.
documentary:A traveling trader provides a window into rural life in the Republic of Georgia, where potatoes are currency and ambition is crushed by poverty.
crime:In this hard-hitting series, journalist Nelufar Hedayat travels the globe to expose an array of black markets, from guns and gold to human body parts.
comedy:A man returns home to Atlanta to try and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe.
drama:As a young couple write the story of their families' shared history, both reveal their relatives' dark secrets and one must make a painful confession.
crime:The murder of a teen girl impacts a public prosecutor linked to the victim, a lawyer seeking a career-making case and a suspect who says she's innocent.
drama:What was supposed to be a peaceful protest turned into a violent clash with the police. What followed was one of the most notorious trials in history.
crime:A boy’s brutal murder and the public trials of his guardians and social workers prompt questions about the system’s protection of vulnerable children.
comedy:An executive-turned-viral sensation loses his reputation and his memory, but finds a new life with his biological mother and her empowered dance group.
drama:When a move to an exclusive seaside community sends her mother and twin brother into a downward spiral, teenager Medina finds solace in surfing.
other:When a power failure throws their suburban town into chaos, Matthew and his wife stoop to desperate measures to secure medication for their child.
comedy:Comedians Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon gorge on local delicacies and celebrity impressions as they reunite for a hilarious road trip through Spain.
other:Discovering the location of a vault where a drug ring keeps its riches, two run-of-the-mill Las Vegas cops hatch a dicey plan to burgle it.
crime:A devious businessman covets his partner's priceless treasure map, while a related murder case calls into question some biological family ties.
documentary:Emergency room doctor Javid Abdelmoneim endeavors to learn the truth about alcohol, both its benefits and risks, by exploring the science of drinking.
crime:A veteran cop forms an agency dedicated to solving cold cases, including those related to the team members' own painful and mysterious pasts.
drama:All the splendor and scandal of England's 16th-century royal court comes to life in this series that follows notorious Tudor monarch Henry VIII.
action:After a government spy is hospitalized, New York City cab driver Jimmy unwillingly takes over the spy's role – with the aid of a computerized tuxedo.
crime:Twelve jurors — ordinary people with struggles of their own — must decide the case of a woman accused of killing her best friend and her own daughter.
other:Hosted by creator Rod Serling, this groundbreaking anthology series presents tales of the supernatural that are often tinged with social commentary.
action:An empress rules over a land where men are subservient to women. But a prophecy reveals that a boy will become king and restore the male regime.
drama:At a key turning point for the Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI forms a surprising friendship with the future Pope Francis. Inspired by true events.
comedy:A chauvinistic morning-show commentator tries to prove the relationship theories he espouses on a segment called The Ugly Truth.
international:Love and intrigue swirl around two women – one a champion of human rights, the other an ambitious businesswoman – who were switched at birth.
action:Reunited by their father's death, estranged siblings with extraordinary powers uncover shocking family secrets – and a looming threat to humanity.
horror:A couple and their young daughter are haunted by a paranormal, malicious presence – which is soon linked to a temple and a series of abortions.
international:Noodle shop employees by day and demon hunters by night, the Counters use special abilities to chase down malevolent spirits that prey on humans.
international:After getting dropped from an elite program, a student gets tangled in the affairs of a high school gang while trying to find her own identity.
international:Virtual and real worlds collide as a group of teenagers who are grappling with matters of the heart cross paths in a cafe and on an anonymous website.
comedy:A widowed father of two girls navigates the world of dating, surprised to learn that many women consider him a hot commodity.
documentary:Discover the secrets of the universe in this series that pairs animation with insights on distant planets, black holes and other celestial marvels.
documentary:From astronomical events to shapes and patterns in space, strange and wonderful phenomena are explored with modern science in this series.
drama:A guilt-ridden doctor in a Belgian town tries to uncover the identity of a woman who died after being turned away from her office.
documentary:Donald Rumsfeld reviews his long political career, from his time in Congress to serving as secretary of defense under Gerald Ford and George W. Bush.
children:When they learn of a secret plot to track and control kids, identical twins Dru and Kal team up with a band of runaway rebels to take back their world.
drama:Tired of her husband's cheating, Anne begins a passionate new relationship – while still wondering if she should give her marriage another chance.
international:"An inept magician pulls off the trick of his life: accidentally disappearing a wanted criminal during a police raid. Now he's going to pay for that."
international:In a magical world of inter-clan rivalry, two soulmates face treacherous schemes and uncover a dark mystery linked to a tragic event in the past.
documentary:This documentary traces the life of Tales of the City author Armistead Maupin, from his conservative roots to his rise as an LGBTQ champion.
crime:An Oslo detective with a painful past returns to his native Iceland to help a dedicated cop hunt a serial killer with a link to a mysterious photo.
drama:Trapped in adolescent bodies, feuding vampire brothers Stefan and Damon vie for the affection of captivating teenager Elena.
other:When their daughter disappears during a family vacation, two terrified parents launch their own investigation that soon exposes local secrets.
horror:A young woman hospitalized for an infected wound becomes possessed by a satanic force that will take a priest and two Vatican exorcists to defeat.
horror:A bank heist takes an unnerving turn when the three sibling robbers attempt to gain entrance into an subterranean vault with sinister secrets.
comedy:A newspaper seller bemoans his lack of success but is undermined by his own laziness when he gets a better job as a driver and finds his rich father.
crime:After discovering his estranged daughter's link to mysterious murders, a forensic detective with Asperger's syndrome risks everything to solve the case.
documentary:Ken Burns presents an epic 10-part, 18-hour chronicle of the Vietnam War, featuring the soldiers, protesters, politicians and families that lived it.
drama:An unemployed Bollywood session violinist in Mumbai finally lands a small gig, but it's what happens on his way home that proves truly transformative.
drama:The lives of uptight, conservative Chidi and Eugenia are thrown into disarray when a loudmouthed, hard-partying new couple moves in next door.
other:In the wake of a zombie apocalypse, survivors hold on to the hope of humanity by banding together to wage a fight for their own survival.
action:After losing her eyesight in an accident, a woman lands in a love triangle as she looks for meaning in her life.
international:A looming collision with Jupiter threatens Earth as humans search for a new star. The planet's fate now lies in the hands of a few unexpected heroes.
documentary:A seven-part series brings World War II to life through the harrowing personal accounts of soldiers and others from typical American towns.
international:After his friend is shot, Jon finds a mathematical pattern behind deaths that occurred at the same location and sets out to warn the next young victim.
drama:Years after the presumed death of his three sons in battle, a grieving farmer journeys to Turkey to find them and return them to their homeland.
children:A boy watches an egg he found hatch into something incredible. But how long can he keep such a big secret from his mom – and the Scottish government?
comedy:A water boy for a college football team has a rage that makes him a tackling machine whose bone-crushing power might vault his team into the playoffs.
horror:Two weddings marred by tragedy lead the respective brides to believe that that they've been cursed by an old cultural superstition.
comedy:As their big day arrives, a couple's lavish wedding plans turn into a nightmare of exes, fighting parents and uninvited guests.
comedy:In this sequel to the 2016 hit The Wedding Party, a couple's date night ends in an accidental proposal, sparking a series of chaotic family events.
drama:After a betrayal at work, a finance professional becomes an assistant to a bride shaman in order to salvage her only remaining property — and love life.
comedy:Two fathers with clashing views about their children's upcoming wedding struggle to keep it together during the chaotic week before the big day.
drama:This powerful political epic chronicles the triumphs and travails of White House senior staff under the administration of President Josiah Bartlet.
documentary:As daily airstrikes pound civilian targets in Syria, a group of indomitable first responders risk their lives to rescue victims from the rubble.
children:Fresh voices bring some of the most famous names in history to life. A live-action sketch comedy show based on the series of best-selling books.
children:The top band for preschool kids, The Wiggles, entertains tots with spirited music, simple choreography and whimsical adventures.
children:Four siblings with horribly selfish parents hatch a plan to get rid of them for good and form a perfectly imperfect family of their own.
other:The all-too-public trials and tribulations of England's royal family are reimagined as an over-the-top comedic soap opera.
children:Five children living on the edge of a forest band together to save a magical wishing tree from destruction and find their own paths to happiness.
horror:Believing that a witch has cursed their family, pilgrims homesteading on the edge of a primeval New England forest become increasingly paranoid.
horror:A disparate group of teenage girls discovers how to obtain supernatural abilities, but abusing their newfound power has disturbing consequences.
action:The life of a seemingly ordinary high school student with a mysterious past is turned upside down when a group of strangers show up and wreak havoc.
action:Geralt of Rivia, a mutated monster-hunter for hire, journeys toward his destiny in a turbulent world where people often prove more wicked than beasts.
documentary:With series creator Lauren S. Hissrich as your guide, take an in-depth journey into the stories and themes powering the first season of The Witcher.
comedy:Pressured by cops into testifying as an eyewitness to a neighbor's murder, a children's TV host takes on a new persona after the trial.
drama:With nuclear war looming, a military expert in underwater acoustics strives to prove things aren't as they seem – or sound – using only his ears.
international:"Libertine He-jie finds himself torn between the lovely Amanda and fiery Xiao-qian. But now he faces a new problem: arrogant rival suitor Cheng-en."
documentary:Experience an up-close look at the controversial passion and resulting infamy of big-game hunters Rebecca Francis and Jacine Jadresko.
comedy:A conservative rabbi steps in to lead a congregation reeling from an accident, but his controversial plans incite a gender war among the congregation.
crime:Evidence found on the body of a homicide victim sparks hope in a prosecutor that his sister who disappeared 25 years earlier could still be alive.
drama:In an old shipyard town in France, sociopolitical tensions beset a writing workshop where the instructor notices a student with a dark side.
action:"Greed, revenge, world domination: It's all in a day's work for James Bond, who's on a mission to protect an oil heiress from a notorious terrorist."
action:To escape his life of crime, a Paris drug dealer takes on one last job involving Spain, unhinged gangsters, his longtime crush and his scheming mother.
drama:A teenage equestrian and a local football player for each other, but simmering racism in their small town puts their relationship to the test.
other:Award-winning architect Piers Taylor and actress/property enthusiast Caroline Quentin travel the world to tour unconventional homes in extreme places.
documentary:A conservationist shares her emotional journey in helping save rare, scaly mammals that have been illegally trafficked and now face extinction.
other:After stumbling into a school for witches, a bumbling heroine comes to realize that she just might belong there. Based on Jill Murphy's beloved books.
international:In the near future, with civilization a thing of the past, a man puts his family in peril when he reluctantly lets outsiders into his compound.
crime:When accused of a murder eerily parallel to a plot in his novel, a best-selling crime writer must navigate a web of hidden enemies.
other:A widow searches for her missing teenage daughter, not knowing that her seemingly helpful neighbor is hiding a terrible secret.
comedy:Tim thinks he's invited the woman of his dreams on a work retreat to Hawaii, realizing too late he mistakenly texted someone from a nightmare blind date.
crime:After a fateful domestic clash, a devoted mother finds herself in prison and fighting to survive in hopes of reuniting with her daughter.
international:Jiang Chen-bo is a loser without prospects for success, until a surprise promotion becomes the catalyst for his entire family's upturn in fortune.
drama:Tormented by a demon and on the run from a Roman centurion, a 7-year-old Jesus and his parents, Mary and Joseph, flee Egypt for Nazareth.
comedy:Never ones to think things through, two Irish teens steal bicycles and set off to the coast to find a bale of cocaine from a smuggler’s capsized ship.
action:To avenge his master, a wine-loving young man steps up his fighting skills to defeat a powerful thief in a life-or-death match.
comedy:A goofy copywriter unwittingly convinces the Indian cricket team that she’s their lucky mascot, to the dismay of their superstition-shunning captain.
documentary:This documentary follows chef Massimo Bottura as he opens a soup kitchen to cook gourmet meals for the needy from food waste at the 2015 Milan Expo.
drama:An auto rickshaw driver harbors a deep affection for a young woman, but his troubled past threatens to stand between them.
comedy:When shy Kumar gets stuck on the losing end of a love triangle, the Love Doctor, Mokia, has a strategy for Kumar to win the love of his life.
documentary:The spotlight shines on iconic jazz pianist and composer Thelonious Monk in this 1988 documentary featuring vintage performance clips and interviews.
comedy:A hypochondriac confronts his fear of death when a terminally ill teen girl enlists him to help her complete her bucket list.
comedy:Southern charmer Theo Von offers up a twisted take on his dating mishaps, meeting Brad Pitt, chasing down fugitive chimpanzees and more.
documentary:American journalist Theo Padnos retraces the Middle Eastern journey that led to his 2012 kidnapping and brutal torture by an al-Qaida faction.
drama:An ambitious prospector strikes it rich and turns a simple village into a boomtown, stoking the ire of a charismatic young preacher.
documentary:This documentary spotlights the struggle of minority communities in Nova Scotia as they fight officials over the lethal effects of industrial waste.
comedy:In counseling sessions with his therapist, preoccupied Yvan shares stories of anti-Semitism and what it's like to live as a Jew in modern France.
other:Powered by candid recollections from esteemed African-American entertainers, this docuseries traces the history of black cinema.
documentary:Actors, crew members and others who were there discuss the tumultuous creation of Orson Welles's final, unfinished film, “The Other Side of the Wind.”
comedy:Along with her two friends, a determined woman travels to Vietnam to bring home the baby her recently deceased daughter had planned to adopt.
comedy:In a rollicking special, Thiago Ventura jokes about life in the hood, social issues and more, explaining how actions speak louder than words.
international:Charismatic highwayman Jan de Lichte leads the oppressed and downtrodden in a revolt against the corrupt aristocracy of 18th-century Flanders.
international:A group of teens searches for the dark truth behind their school's mysterious and brutal history.
drama:A Javanese royal and half-Dutch woman fall in love as Indonesia rises to independence from colonial rule. Based on Pramoedya Ananta Toer's famed novel.
international:The lives of a wealthy couple hiding their marital problems intersect with a group of hackers and the young women they exploit.
international:A renowned actor who is still pining over the loss of his first real love writes an autobiography about his memories of her, hoping to reconnect.
comedy:Romance and cuisine mix when a perpetually dissatisfied hotel executive finally encounters the perfect meal, and the sous chef that made it.
documentary:The Tomorrowland music festival marks its 10th anniversary in Belgium, the U.S. and Brazil, with all the diverse excitement of the annual event.
drama:In a South Indian village, a centenarian's funeral brings together his free-spirited son, inheritance-hungry grandson and girl-crazy great-grandson.
children:With a technology fair in Sodor, Thomas and the Steam Team tackle a flurry of tasks — but can they complete their deliveries before the grand opening?
children:Amid special demonstrations in Sodor, Thomas and the gang worry they'll be replaced by new inventions until a mission shows how useful they really are.
children:An invitation from the Queen sends Thomas and the crew to London as they weave through delays and debacles while racing to a royal celebration.
other:This animated children's series follows the adventures of Thomas, a cheerful blue tank engine who lives on the island of Sodor.
action:After losing a boxing match, a talented Muay Thai fighter leaves home to train with the best. On his quest, he finds friends, foes and lots of action.
action:To save Asgard from a bloodthirsty goddess of death, the mighty Thor will have to battle his way to freedom and find a way back home.
children:Thor, the Marvel comic book character, comes to life in this animated feature that explores his earliest adventures with his brother Loki.
drama:Heading a new team whose aim is to crack the cases that leave others stumped, detective Tom Thorne finds himself on the hunt for two serial killers.
drama:Investigating a series of attacks on young women, detective Tom Thorne is dragged back into the nightmares of his past as he races to find a killer.
comedy:When his partner in crime goes missing, a small-time crook’s life is transformed as he dedicates himself to raising the daughter his friend left behind.
action:A master criminal engineers his own shooting during a police raid, then refuses treatment while awaiting rescue in a tense standoff at a hospital.
international:Four sisters deal with family drama and secrets throughout three different time periods, all occurring on Christmas Day.
other:A film crew captures a year in the life of modern polygamist families at Rockland Ranch, a community for fundamentalist Mormons in the Utah desert.
comedy:As they near their 25th wedding anniversary, Rick and Cristy try to conceal their crumbling marriage while their family prepares for a big celebration.
comedy:Determined to fight corruption in his country, a newspaper cartoonist debuts a new take-no-prisoners attitude.
horror:When a prank goes wrong, a shy kid from Compton is sent away for murder. Four years later, he’s back and out for revenge on homecoming weekend.
documentary:This documentary chronicles former Olympian and UFC champion Ronda Rousey's ascent to iconic status in the world of mixed martial arts.
comedy:A get-rich-quick scheme goes awry when a group of friends stumbles onto a dangerous conspiracy and wind up getting mistaken for the bad guys.
drama:After moving to a hardscrabble suburban California town, a young woman becomes dangerously entangled with a local drug enterprise.
other:A P-47 Thunderbolt squadron is shown in preparation, at play and in bombing raids aiming to halt Nazi supply lines and aid Allied ground troops.
crime:Ex-con Cal McTeer's return to her hometown of Orphelin Bay blows the lid off a generations-long conspiracy of silence around murder, drugs and Sirens.
other:In a series of inspiring home makeovers, world-renowned tidying expert Marie Kondo helps clients clear out the clutter – and choose joy.
international:In 1921, nurse trainees from Madrid's upper class open a hospital in Melilla for Rif War soldiers, finding friendship and romance while saving lives.
crime:In an otherworldly river town, a policeman follows the trail of a sinister force to save his community from deadly spells.
comedy:Hand-picked by Tiffany Haddish, six diverse comedians showcase their raw humor in a series of specials oozing with energy.
comedy:On her 40th birthday, Tiffany Haddish drops a bombastic special studded with singing, dancing and raunchy reflections on her long road to womanhood.
comedy:Comedic breakout Tiffany Haddish delivers a riotous stand-up ripe with the unpretentious and filthy tales of her meteoric rise to stardom.
documentary:Comedian Tig Notaro announced her cancer diagnosis at what became a legendary stand-up set in 2012. Follow her search for humor amid devastating news.
comedy:Comedian Tig Notaro unleashes her inner prankster in a playful stand-up special packed with funny anecdotes, parenting confessions and more.
action:Imprisoned for drug smuggling as a child, a young man uses the law he studied while in jail to take revenge on those who wronged him.
crime:A zoo owner spirals out of control amid a cast of eccentric characters in this true murder-for-hire story from the underworld of big cat breeding.
drama:A man reflects on the lost love of his youth and his long-ago journey from Taiwan to America as he begins to reconnect with his estranged daughter.
crime:When a prominent politician is murdered, the intrepid journalists of Frente Tijuana risk their lives to uncover the truth.
drama:A police officer and a psychologist learn of a sinister threat at a highly anticipated soccer match and team up in hopes of preventing disaster.
drama:Two frustrated sex workers cut out the middlemen from their business affairs and start a cooperative that's run entirely by women.
international:Based on the speculative short stories of MirrorFiction, this sci-fi thriller anthology plunges headlong into our deepest desires – and darkest fears.
comedy:Standup comedian Tim Allen delivers a set dedicated to men stuff like lawn care, power tools and why he grunts like an animal.
comedy:Standup star Tim Allen storms the stage for a set chock-full of observations about powerful cars, beautiful lawns and more of the things he loves.
other:Flanked by a full orchestra, Tim Minchin takes the Royal Albert Hall by storm with a wonderfully witty evening of satirical musical comedy.
other:Comedic pianist Tim Minchin performs a host of his catchy songs that touch on everything from the Middle East to the healing power of canvas bags.
drama:Raised in the privileged bubble of Delhi's elite, a teen is compelled to question his outlook on life and love when his older brother comes out as gay.
comedy:Personality differences, an old friend and a past flame poke holes in the way a husband and wife perceive their marriage.
drama:Husband and father Pedro becomes increasingly suspicious that a series of mishaps at a resort during a family vacation are part of a sinister plan.
international:Wanting to leave their dystopian world behind for a faraway paradise, three outlaws plot a money heist — and draw the attention of a vicious killer.
action:While searching for their missing archaeology professor, a group of students discovers a cave where time passes differently than it does on the surface.
documentary:This series traces the tragic case of Kalief Browder, a Bronx teen who spent three horrific years in jail, despite never being convicted of a crime.
international:A decade after college, a wake reunites five female friends struggling with illness, infidelity, toxic in-laws, spousal abuse and other life issues.
crime:Firsthand accounts, re-enactments and computer-generated graphics retell in detail Thailand's biggest news stories from the past.
other:This delightful animated series centers on impish lamb Timmy as he enters nursery school, where he learns about sharing, responsibility and fairness.
children:After completing a world tour, a teen pop star spends the summer at an Italian villa to recover from heartbreak and grow into a mature artist.
children:When suspicious scout fairies scheme to capture the fearsome-looking NeverBeast, Tinker Bell and Fawn set out to save the wondrous creature.
drama:While building a revolutionary machine outlined in his late father's journal, a recluse farmer becomes the guardian for his gifted six-year-old nephew.
documentary:Little animals embark on big adventures across the U.S. in a dramatic nature series that explores their hidden worlds and epic survival stories.
other:Traveling the U.S., host John Weisbarth and expert Zack Giffin are helping families prep for the tiny lifestyle and create hypercustomized mini homes.
drama:When an attack brings down the star student at an elite ballet school, her replacement enters a world of lies, betrayal — and cutthroat competition.
children:In his tiny meadow village, curious little mouse Tip enjoys fun and adventure while learning about the world with his furry friends and family.
children:Titipo the train is out to prove that he's got what it takes to help the folks of Train Village ride the rails safely and reliably.
international:Amidst poverty and struggle, a hardened pantsula dance leader enters a dark space and searches for redemption and salvation in his community.
comedy:When her secret love letters somehow get mailed to each of her five crushes, Lara Jean finds her quiet high school existence turned upside down.
comedy:Lara Jean is officially Peter’s girlfriend, so everything should be perfect, right? But feelings grow complicated when an old crush reenters her life.
drama:While covering a story in New York City, a Seattle-based reporter uncovers a link between two missing women that changes her article entirely.
documentary:Explore how the media and nationalism have fueled Venezuela's passion for physical appearance and the multibillion-dollar beauty pageant industry.
documentary:Traumatized by combat, newly returned war veterans find solace in service dogs that guide them back to a fulfilling civilian life.
comedy:Just as Simone works up the courage to tell her conservative Jewish family she's a lesbian, she finds herself attracted to a male Senegalese chef.
drama:Ellen, a 20-year-old with anorexia nervosa, goes on a harrowing, sometimes funny journey of self-discovery at a group home run by an unusual doctor.
international:Facing the end of civilization when a terrifying plague strikes, a group risks their lives, loves — and humanity — in a brutal struggle to survive.
comedy:Three New York drag queens on their way to Hollywood for a beauty pageant get stranded in a small Midwestern town when their car breaks down.
other:After a divorce and fatal career move, a classically trained British stage actor navigates single life with his odd roommate and takes on horrid jobs.
children:They’re robots that can transform into cars – and the Tobots are committed to fighting villains to protect the city and root out crime.
comedy:A group of patients with OCD wait for their flight-delayed doctor to arrive for their appointments, forcing them to endure each other's oddball quirks.
comedy:With bone-dry wit, stand-up comic Todd Barry dissects texting emergencies, Hitler's taste in wine, pricey soap, cheap pizza and much more.
comedy:Try to keep up as comedian Todd Glass delivers rapid-fire stand-up that bounces from his heart attack to his coming out to how to eat a Kit Kat.
comedy:Standup comedian Todd Glass gets right down to it, with sly observations on accepting directions, denying compliments and being afraid of the dark.
comedy:In his stand-up set, Argentine comic Lucas Lauriente animatedly rattles off reflections on different generations and begs kids to stop saying goals.
documentary:This quirky examination of Argentina's culture, customs and cuisine slices into the country's traditional barbecue – which is both meal and ritual.
international:Spanning 30 years, a group of dedicated and diverse friends experiences happiness and hardship in a newly independent Singapore.
drama:A scheming matriarch plots to cut off her disabled stepson and his wife from the family fortune, creating a division within the clan.
comedy:On her first day of marriage, a woman leaves her husband upon learning his home lacks a toilet, sparking a quixotic quest to acquire modern sanitation.
documentary:This documentary follows J-Pop idol Rio and her predominantly middle-aged fans, and their seemingly transactional interactions.
international:In the wake of World War II, 11 Allied judges are tasked with weighing the fates of Japanese war criminals in a tense international trial.
drama:A toll booth operator's mundane life is upended when he's reassigned to a remote spot, where he finds intriguing strangers — and a new side to himself.
children:When a young wizard leaves Tom to guard his priceless magic ring, Jerry gets the ring stuck on his head, igniting a series of slapstick antics.
comedy:Comedian Tom Papa riffs on the trials of married life, fatherhood in the 21st century, domestic pets and more in his stand-up show.
comedy:Comedian Tom Papa takes on body image issues, social media, pets, Staten Island, the old days and more in a special from his home state of New Jersey.
comedy:Tom Segura scores laughs with uncomfortably candid stories about mothers, fathers, following your dreams — and other things you'd rather not think about.
comedy:Levelheaded stand-up Tom Segura shares offhand appraisals on hotels and opens up about his hobbies and digestive ailments in this comedy special.
comedy:Tom Segura gives voice to the sordid thoughts you'd never say out loud, with blunt musings on porn, parking lot power struggles, parenthood and more.
comedy:The bearded, bawdy and comically bitter Tom Segura gets real about body piercings, the Area 51 of men's bodies, and the lie he told Mike Tyson.
comedy:Writer, actor and satirist Tomasz Jachimek teams up with comedian Jacek Stramik for a night of subversive stand-up at Klub Hybrydy in Warsaw.
action:Pierce Brosnan stars in this 007 installment, which teams the secret agent and a sexy Chinese superspy against a megalomaniacal media mogul.
international:The head of a real estate firm with the ability to travel through time by taking the subway marries a photographer to try and change his future.
international:A tough young man with a short temper and no patience for bullies gains a legendary reputation as the best street fighter in Busan.
documentary:This film examines the background and career of Tony Parker, whose determination led him to become arguably the greatest French basketball player.
documentary:Tony Robbins' clients swear by his unorthodox life coaching methods. A revealing film goes behind the curtain at his annual mega-event.
comedy:Wary of the effects of his good looks on others, a shut-in agrees to attend high school for the first time and meets a girl who's immune to his charm.
other:On the shores of paradise, gorgeous singles meet and mingle. But there’s a twist. To win a $100,000 grand prize, they’ll have to give up sex.
drama:Twelve-year-old Calvin manages to join the navy and serves in the battle of Guadalcanal. But when his age is revealed, the boy is sent to the brig.
international:Reclusive, socially awkward jingle composer Toon must navigate the nightmarish world of show biz after a viral video skyrockets him to fame.
comedy:After knocking a celebrity unconscious before a huge job, a bumbling pack of pals tries to avoid a lawsuit by replacing her with a look-alike.
other:This series investigates mysteries that persistently elude scientific explanation, such as mythical creatures, UFOs, sacred sites and more.
other:Two seasoned drug dealers return to the gritty streets of London, but their pursuit of money and power is threatened by a young and ruthless hustler.
other:Social media star Hayes Grier returns to North Carolina for a reality series packed with action sports, pranks and romantic escapades.
drama:The tales of an eccentric aristocrat, a tightrope walking nomad and a postman-turned-soothsayer unspool in this visual poem of rural life in India.
anime:Menacing in appearance but gentle at heart, Ryūji forms an unlikely friendship with Taiga, a tiny girl with a sharp tongue and a tough attitude.
drama:At an Afghanistan refugee camp, an ex-army doctor seeks to bring children joy through cricket — and soon realizes that the stakes go beyond the sport.
drama:Ex-con Toro's brother and former partner in crime makes a desperate plea for help that may put Toro back behind bars ... if he survives at all.
comedy:Widower Martin is a restaurateur with a booming business and three headstrong daughters who leave the house to pursue their individual destinies.
children:Heartwarming moments are interspersed with backstabbing, scheming, sabotage and broken alliances in this animated spoof of reality show competitions.
comedy:A disbanded fraternity tries to get their act together by finding new members, but beer bongs, bad grades and a demented dean stand in their way.
action:After getting a memory implant, working stiff Douglas Quaid discovers he might actually be a secret agent embroiled in a violent insurrection on Mars.
drama:Exasperated with living in perpetual fear for their safety, four women kidnap a man to show him the realities of being female in Delhi.
international:Australia's toughest tow truck operators work to keep Queensland's streets clear of overturned semis and other automotive disasters.
crime:After seven years in a Málaga prison, a male stripper is released pending retrial and sets out to prove his lover framed him for her husband's murder.
action:When a bike messenger falls into debt with organized criminals, a sexy woman draws him into her high-stakes world of parkour, teaching him new skills.
comedy:In his first special since his serious car accident, Tracy Morgan cracks jokes about life in a coma, his second marriage and his family's dark side.
drama:Four characters coexist at an urban traffic signal, where all manage to make a meager living until events threaten the source of their livelihood.
other:Follow the booze-fueled misadventures of three longtime pals and petty serial criminals who run scams from their Nova Scotia trailer park.
other:Bubbles's plan to spread the true meaning of Christmas is dashed by Julian's wish to cash in on the holiday and Ricky's quest to meet the real Santa.
other:The boys head to Ireland after winning a contest to see Rush but are arrested by immigration and must perform a community service puppet show.
comedy:After their latest jail stint, boozy pals Julian, Bubbles and Ricky plan to go legit but learn trailer park manager Jim aims to demolish their homes.
comedy:Ricky, Julian and Bubbles bring their trailer park humor out onto the stage for a night of bravado, schemes and an intoxicated acting demo.
international:The Trailer Park Boys are thrilled to get a free trip to Europe, until they arrive and learn about their corporate sponsor's unusual requirements.
international:The boys are back on the loose as Bubbles, Julian and Ricky head south of the Canadian border for some outrageous American adventures.
comedy:A year after the Season 7 finale, the boys are poised to live the good life. But an old enemy throws a wrench in things once again.
comedy:Nova Scotia’s favorite miscreants have always been super sketchy. Now, carrying on from the Season 12 finale, the boys have become complete cartoons.
comedy:"In this feature-length adventure, Ricky, Julian and Bubbles – just out of jail – plan the lamest scheme yet: to get rich by stealing tons of change."
other:See what Sunnyvale Trailer Park was like back in the day, featuring Randy as a prostitute, J-Roc before he rapped and Barb and Lahey still together.
horror:Five teenagers on the lam hide out in an empty train. Little do they realize that the train is inhabited by ghosts on their way to final judgment.
action:As a zombie outbreak sweeps the country, a dad and his daughter take a harrowing train journey in an attempt to reach the only city that's still safe.
comedy:Renton and his mates cope with the gritty realities of heroin addiction. But when Renton gets clean, he can't get away from his friends' nasty habits.
drama:An FBI agent assigned to pursue an ex-Special Ops soldier who joined a terrorist organization begins to question his target's true intentions.
other:As World War II ends, a young English woman agrees to help an enigmatic American agent root out Russian infiltration of the British government.
drama:Pulled into a shady briefcase swap for different reasons, young strangers Danny and Ellie spend an eventful night together when the deal goes wrong.
other:Two computer scientists work to achieve technological singularity to create a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain.
crime:After a boating accident, woodworker and family man Florian wakes up in the body of an officer who leads a task force against illegal body transfers.
documentary:Powerlifter Matt Kroczaleski faced his greatest challenge when he came out as transgender. This documentary captures his transition into a woman.
children:With the help of three human allies, the Autobots once again protect Earth from the onslaught of the Decepticons and their leader, Megatron.
children:As part of the first class at the Rescue Bots Academy, five Cybertron recruits train under their skilled teachers and take on daring rescue missions.
children:Optimus Prime and the AllSpark are missing – and only a memory-scrambled Bumblebee holds the key to finding them in this animated sci-fi series.
children:"Follow the adventure of four young transformers, Heatwave, Chase, Blades and Boulder, and their human counterparts: a family of emergency responders."
children:When a prison ship crash unleashes hundreds of Decepticons on Earth, Bumblebee leads a new Autobot force to protect humankind.
anime:As the Autobots and Decepticons ravage their planet in a brutal civil war, two iconic leaders emerge in the Transformers universe's origin story.
anime:While Megatron takes drastic measures to save the Decepticons, the Autobots fight to save all of Cybertron from both on the planet and aboard the Ark.
drama:Three poor Brazilian teens find something suspicious in a garbage heap, then end up on the run from the law as they try to set things right.
comedy:Surprise news that his girlfriend is pregnant sends loutish Owen on an ill-advised trip to reconnect with his twisted sister and sadistic grandmother.
children:Six-year old Hank and his best pal, a giant trash truck, explore the world around them on fantastical adventures with their animal friends.
comedy:When struggling singer Onur decides to return to his old job, incurable klutz Şeref organizes a surprise tour full of pitfalls and mishaps.
crime:A federal agent tracks four people who suddenly seem to possess entirely new personalities, leading to a startling discovery about humanity's future.
documentary:While crafting his Grammy-nominated album Astroworld, Travis Scott juggles controversy, fatherhood and career highs in this intimate documentary.
documentary:This documentary reconstructs the pivotal moments that drove a man on a rampage to destroy a small town with a bulldozer he fortified in secret.
documentary:This cinematic journey into the waters off East Africa chronicles the story behind artist Damien Hirst's massive exhibition of oceanic treasures.
children:From the virtue of politeness to the dangers of social media, life is full of valuable lessons for a group of friends navigating the journey of growing up.
documentary:Entrepreneurs from Vermont and Quebec sell Christmas trees on the streets of New York, becoming a cherished part of neighborhood holiday traditions.
children:When their animal friends need help, brother-and-sister team Toby and Teri use the clues and follow the facts to solve mysteries in their own backyard.
comedy:After a seismologist gets unusual readings on her equipment, handymen discover 30-foot-long carnivorous worms that suck their prey underground.
comedy:A rag-tag team of survivalists and scientists battle supersucking desert creatures that are worming their way through the oil fields of Mexico.
comedy:When a theme park's simulated giant worm attacks turn real, Burt Gummer and two young entrepreneurs team up to battle the flesh-eating graboids.
comedy:Residents of a abandoned mining town attempt to get to the bottom of a series of recent, mysterious deaths before their own fates are sealed.
comedy:When he is hired to capture a deadly creature terrorizing South Africa, survivalist Burt Gummer brings along a new tech-savvy partner.
action:The subterranean, worm-like creatures are back, and Graboid-hunter Burt Gummer suspects they've been weaponized.
action:When massive mutant creatures infiltrate an island nature preserve, scientists recruit a legendary monster hunter to battle the beasts.
drama:A man from a criminal family yearns to break away and find a better life, but his father's staunch opposition puts his dreams of freedom in jeopardy.
comedy:The Daily Show host ponders the perils of naming countries, how traffic lights turn New Yorkers invincible and why you shouldn't drink in Scotland.
comedy:Daily Show host Trevor Noah touches on tacos, runaway snakes, camping, racism immunity and lessons he learned from his mother in this comedy special.
crime:After jostling her way into a gig as a celebrity bodyguard, the boisterous daughter of a powerful triad boss shakes up a TV star's life and finds love.
crime:Charged as a teen in the 1993 killing of a Boston cop, Sean K. Ellis fights to prove his innocence while exposing police corruption and systemic racism.
crime:In this true crime docuseries, some of the most dramatic trials of all time are examined with an emphasis on how the media may have impacted verdicts.
drama:When her estranged mother falls into a coma, a self-made single mom grapples with regret and resentment while reflecting on their strained relationship.
documentary:In this funny and provocative series, rapper and activist Killer Mike puts his revolutionary ideas about achieving social change into action.
comedy:A Goan native returns to his now-derelict, palatial childhood home, recalling his family’s interpersonal drama during the end of Portuguese rule.
action:After being framed, a policewoman languishing in prison hopes that her three sons will deliver justice and restore her honor.
drama:A grieving teen finds an unexpected connection with two classmates at her new high school after they all land in the same Shoplifters Anonymous group.
international:After graduation, three women from distinct backgrounds find themselves in the real world, facing the challenges of work, romance and unexpected fame.
international:To amuse themselves, six college friends decide to pay a visit to a fortress believed by some to be the most haunted place in Asia.
drama:A group of dirty Atlanta cops blackmailed by the Russian mob plan a seemingly impossible heist that sets off an explosive chain reaction of violence.
action:Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences.
action:A crew of ruthless criminals hired to kill an influential heiress meet their match in a trio of surprisingly adept fighters who come to her aid.
drama:This drama tells the tale of Ricky Bell, a pro running back with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers who died of a muscle disease in the prime of his career.
documentary:Drag queen Trixie Mattel deals with the bittersweet reality of success in this documentary that explores her rise to fame and subsequent music career.
children:After uncovering a mysterious amulet, an average teen assumes an unlikely destiny and sets out to save two worlds. Created by Guillermo del Toro.
children:When Queen Poppy realizes that Bridget and the Bergens don't have any holidays, she hatches a plan for Branch and the Snack Pack to help create one.
children:As Queen Poppy welcomes a new time of peace in Troll Village with parties, sports and holiday celebrations, Branch tries to be more fun-loving.
documentary:This documentary explores the tensions between the lucrative big-game hunting business and wildlife conservation from a variety of perspectives.
children:Trotro the donkey may be opinionated, but he's as sweet as can be in this animated series that's full of lessons for children.
international:The complex historical figure of Leon Trotsky comes to life in this epic biography that depicts the tumultuous life of the Russian revolutionary.
other:Searching for the woman promised to him by Aphrodite, herdsman Paris learns his true identity and falls for Helen of Sparta, igniting the Trojan War.
action:Starting with the Trojan Horse attack, this modest re-telling of Homer's epic covers well-known highlights of Odysseus's long journey home.
comedy:A taxi driver living in a Mumbai slum seeks to better his family's life by building an extension of his home while dealing with a lecherous contractor.
children:When something's wrong in the Rainbow Kingdom, bighearted guardian True and her best friend, Bartleby, are there to grant wishes and save the day.
other:Teenage tomboy Mattie Ross enlists the help of crusty lawman Rooster Cogburn to track down the hired hand who murdered her father.
action:After his publisher markets his crime novel as a memoir, a novice author finds himself forcibly recruited into a deadly political plot in Venezuela.
drama:When a drug kingpin looking to go legit falls for a Philadelphia college student, it doesn't take long for his dangerous world to bleed into her life.
children:True and her friends are dropping sweet, silly beats with freshly modern music videos set to the sounds of classic nursery rhyme songs.
children:When a giant Grippity-Grab snags Grizelda’s friendship bracelet and turns her into a mermaid, True heads under the sea with magic wishes to save the day.
children:It's Grabbleapple harvest season in the Rainbow Kingdom ... but Glummy Glooma doesn't want autumn to come. Can True and her friends save the festival?
children:True and Bartleby try to cheer up the Rainbow Kingdom’s loneliest citizen, but his gloomy mood is contagious! Can a trio of wishes turn things around?
children:The power of friendship can solve any problem – and the Rainbow Kingdom's got plenty to go around. Cue Bartleby and True for the rescue!
other:True and Bartleby travel to the other side of the Neverending Rainbow to bring back Dillydally — a brave explorer who's the Rainbow King's best friend!
children:Through the magic of the Story Spinner, True and her friends create their own versions of Pinocchio, Little Red Riding Hood and other classic tales.
children:It's up to True and her friends to save the day when a hungry Yeti sneaks a forbidden treat and fills the kingdom with Howling Greenies.
children:An ice crystal from a frosty realm is freezing everything in the Rainbow Kingdom, its citizens too! Can True save Winter Wishfest – and her friends?
children:Do-gooding True and Bartleby will go anywhere to make wishes come true – from the bottom of the Living Sea to the tip of Mount Tippy Tippy Top!
children:Spring has sprung in Rainbow City, and Wuzzle Wegg Day is right around the corner! But Bartleby's convinced that a Wegg-stealing monster is on the loose.
drama:When he is blacklisted by Hollywood for his leftist political views, screenwriter Dalton Trumbo struggles to find work in secret as a ghost writer.
documentary:Friends, associates and critics reveal the truly American story of Donald Trump, the brash businessman who defied the odds to become U.S. president.
horror:A game of Truth or Dare among college friends on spring break turns deadly when a demon seems determined to use it to kill them all.
comedy:When their Sunday soccer game on the beach is canceled, five friends set out to find another place to play in the noisy, crowded city of Mumbai.
comedy:Free-spirited toucan Tuca and self-doubting song thrush Bertie are best friends – and birds – who guide each other through life's ups and downs.
comedy:Expecting to relax at their vacation cabin, two backwoods boys see their trip turn into a nightmare when they're accused of being psychotic killers.
drama:A child whose innocence and devotion set him apart from the other children of his village grows up to be one of the foremost saints of India.
comedy:An astute but old-fashioned law clerk steps up to help the owner of a cafe in a legal battle that has both business and personal ramifications.
comedy:Tumi Morake dishes out hot takes and fiery commentary about the concept of identity, politics, family life, weaves, and more in this stand-up special.
drama:A clumsy but cheerful fisheries student struggles to find her place at a research institute renowned for its tuna cultivation. The work isn't easy.
international:Under pressure from his parents to settle down, a pleasure-seeking playboy falls for a woman who's like nobody he's ever met.
drama:A student and a reticent teen first meet at a bakery in the 1990s and try to find each other through the years, as fate keeps pulling them apart.
other:British and American troops join forces to liberate a Nazi stranglehold in North Africa, sharing battles, hard work and a peaceful Christmas dinner.
crime:A detective finds himself 30 years in the future and must solve a string of grisly crimes before he can return to the past.
children:A speed-obsessed snail who dreams of being the world's greatest race car driver gets his chance when an accident imbues him with high-octane speed.
children:Join Turbo and his posse, the Fast Action Stunt Team. Filled with comedy, action and fun, this series amps it up to the extreme.
comedy:A woman recovering from an attempted suicide meets an aspiring doctor who takes a keen interest in her efforts to move forward in life through dance.
other:A down-and-out DJ plots to rebuild his music career while working as a nanny for his famous best friend's wild 11-year-old daughter.
drama:Set in 1778, this period drama recounts the story of Abe Woodhull, an American cabbage farmer obliged to begin spying on the British enemy.
horror:When a wise-guy podcaster interviews a disabled seafarer, he decides to embark on a transformational quest to track down a dangerous walrus-monster.
children:Reggie's wild imagination unlocks a weird and wonderful world where she can be herself – and escape the pressures of growing up.
documentary:This documentary reenacts the experiences of late activist Tsutomu Yamaguchi, a survivor of both atomic bombings on Japan in 1945.
international:Months after a crushing breakup, a man receives a mysterious package that opens a portal to the past – and gives him a chance to win back his ex.
international:A detective returns to Vitoria-Gasteiz to solve murders mimicking those allegedly committed by a serial killer who's about to be released from prison.
other:Who killed Laura Palmer? is the question on everyone's lips in a secretive small town, but as an eccentric FBI agent learns, the answer isn't easy.
action:To retrieve a healing bead stolen from its guardian monks, a pair of bickering twin sisters face off against an entire gang of rival twins.
horror:When a yoga enthusiast begins to pull away from her identical twin sister and business partner, their lifelong bond turns deadly.
other:The colorful and curious family of Twirlywoos bounces around their boat and visits new places, turning learning into adventures wherever they land.
drama:After terrorists place a bomb inside a toy Lord Ganesha, a child takes off with the dangerous doll, setting it on a course throughout all of Mumbai.
documentary:Lawmakers and activists with conflicting ideologies speak about the complexities of Catalonia's politics and the fight for its independence from Spain.
international:When two single guys learn a woman they both slept with disappeared after giving birth, they decide to raise her baby girl together as a family.
other:A doctor and a drug addict kidnap the son of a local gangster, seeking revenge for the death of a loved one.
drama:A troubled couple living near the North Pole begins a perilous journey south in an attempt to find peace and vanquish ghosts from the past.
horror:This anthology series of terror features diverse characters facing primal fears in spine-chilling situations that stretch past daily routine.
international:Paired together for an unforgettable trip across Asia, stars Lee Seung-gi and Jasper Liu become buddies as they connect with fans and local cultures.
documentary:This documentary recounts a 1994 incident in Honolulu in which a circus elephant attacked and killed its trainer, then ran loose on the city streets.
international:Three young friends in Goa plan to search an old villa for ghosts, but when a new family moves in, the home’s buried past resurfaces in chilling ways.
documentary:In this surprisingly emotional documentary, heavyweight champ Mike Tyson analyzes the controversies surrounding his career and turbulent private life.
international:A reporter must hunt for the truth behind a strange murder after she crosses paths with a young cop and becomes the investigation's prime suspect.
horror:A young reporter's investigation into a string of grisly suicides takes a dangerous detour when she follows the clues to a cursed stretch of road.
drama:Upon returning to his industrial hometown, a young man must decide whether to follow his own dreams or acquiesce to his father's plans for his future.
drama:Drug abuse and the darker side of Punjab rear their heads in the intense, interwoven tales of a cop, a doctor, a migrant worker and a rock star.
drama:When a 10-year-old goes missing while her father, an actor, is out on an audition, the girl's stepfather – Mumbai's police chief – leads the search.
comedy:Everyday guy Kabir is thrown for a loop when he meets Kuhu, a freewheeling party girl. Now, he's a changed man, dancing, running half-naked through the streets and donning ladies' shoes at her whim.
documentary:All the flavor. None of the BS. Star chef David Chang leads friends on a mouthwatering, cross-cultural hunt for the world's most satisfying grub.
international:Young women face up to their insecurities and circumstances, finding love and laughs along the way. Featuring a different storyline every season.
drama:An honest man dreams of a better life for his family, but a childhood friend leads him into a world of crime that keeps happiness just out of reach.
other:In this intense obstacle course series, elite athletes from the U.S. and other countries compete for cash prizes, individual glory and national pride.
other:Competitors representing countries from around the world battle it out on a grueling obstacle course. Luis Ernesto Franco and Inés Sainz host.
anime:Decades ago, a hero from the stars left this world in peace. Now, the son of Ultraman must rise to protect the Earth from a new alien threat.
anime:Decades after the sudden birth of a new continent, a young rescuer-for-hire provides aid to adventurers exploring this dangerous, uncharted world.
drama:An aging soccer fanatic faces down the reality of his past while struggling to give himself and a young follower very different futures.
crime:An online community of amateur sleuths use technology to solve crimes – and make quirky friends – in their quest for justice.
comedy:Defeated and humiliated in a fight while trying to defuse a conflict among his fellow villagers, a photographer vows revenge on his attacker.
drama:An ambitious man leaves his small Indian village for America. But when his letters to home stop coming, his brother sets out on his own adventure.
comedy:A womanizing musician travels to India, where he composes a Bollywood film score and unexpectedly falls for the wife of the French ambassador.
drama:A young woman tracks down the older man who preyed on her as a child, forcing them both to confront the damage done by what happened 15 years earlier.
crime:The CIA attempts to turn Ted Kaczynski, aka the Unabomber, into a super agent — a plan that backfires. Based on real events.
children:Five disparate kids, snowed in at the airport on Christmas Eve, try to get back to their families and outsmart a disgruntled airport official.
documentary:Noted UFO expert Dr. Steven Greer interviews witnesses and presents classified documents concerning the existence of extraterrestrials.
crime:When a Galician shipper and drug lord hiding his Alzheimer's disease plans to retire, his second-in-command plots to steal the empire from the heir.
crime:After a young woman is accused of lying about a rape, two female detectives investigate a spate of eerily similar attacks. Inspired by true events.
comedy:When a woman is rescued from a doomsday cult and lands in New York City, she must navigate a world she didn’t think even existed anymore.
comedy:"It's an interactive Kimmy special! Kimmy's getting married, but first she has to foil the Reverend's evil plot. It's your move: What should she do next?"
international:Desperate to keep her husband’s secret, a devoted politician’s wife struggles to stave off threats that could ruin their promising new life.
documentary:After the brutal murders of their loved ones, three individuals share how they healed through forgiveness in this documentary presented by Aamir Khan.
drama:When Lluís, a disinterested Spanish soldier, meets Carlana, he falls quickly in love, but soon discovers that Carlana's true passion is power.
international:A young trio aims to protect the world from evil, armed with magic crystals that allow them to control time, commune with spirits, and more.
documentary:This adrenaline-rush documentary traces the rise of freestyle motocross, arguably the world's most extreme sport, and spotlights its pioneers.
comedy:Two young Yemeni business partners decide to go on vacation in the UAE with a few local friends, but their fun trip soon turns terrifying.
drama:A young man feels torn between his dream of becoming a master sommelier and his father’s expectations that he’ll take over the family barbecue business.
drama:To solve her sister's murder, a corporate protégé assumes her sibling's investigation into a mining conspiracy that could implicate her own boss.
drama:With his debts mounting and angry collectors closing in, a fast-talking New York City jeweler risks everything in hopes of staying afloat and alive.
documentary:An inspirational profile of an inner-city high school football team's valiant effort to reach the school's first-ever playoff game.
action:Six fearless surfers travel to the north coast of Iceland to ride waves unlike anything they've ever experienced, captured with high-tech cameras.
crime:Cameras follow police officers as they solve crimes, assist the public and arrest lawbreakers in this reality series.
international:A college art club welcomes a new member who has the secret ability to smell death and who warns one of them to leave her boyfriend ... or else.
drama:A mother arrives in war-torn Lebanon looking for her missing son in the South as a cab driver agrees to escort her on her dangerous trip.
comedy:An American man in the midst of a mid-life crisis travels to the French countryside to find a new lease on life.
comedy:While vacationing on the beaches of Riccione, a group of teens become friends and help each other manage romantic relationships and summer crushes.
horror:During the Iran-Iraq conflict, a Tehran woman caring for her daughter while her husband is at war is gradually convinced evil spirits are at work.
drama:"A seductive alien prowls the streets in search of prey: unsuspecting men who fall under her spell, only to be consumed by a strange liquid pool."
crime:Undercover agents infiltrate a drug kingpin's operation by posing as a couple at the campground where he spends his weekends. Inspired by real events.
comedy:When a beloved secret agent falls deep into a coma, his bumbling brother must defend their community from a divisive political threat.
action:Jake's date with his dream girl takes a turn when she disappears, and Jake's grandpa – a former intelligence officer – sets out to find her.
crime:Female intelligence agents infiltrate the disparate aspects of a Colombian cartel in an attempt to take down the drug lords and their associates.
other:This World War II-era training film dramatizes how secret agents should act while undercover and how to avoid capture by enemies.
children:When his archenemy returns to settle a score, a foosball ace and his magically incarnated team must save the town and woo back his girl.
comedy:A pair of former batchmates cross paths 30 years later when they wind up as new neighbors, and their reconnection soon blossoms into something more.
comedy:With his wife terminally ill, Arthur's future seems grim. But he learns to find joy in life again when he joins an unconventional church choir.
horror:Six teens whose cyberbullying drove their classmate to kill herself become the target of an online stalker with a lethal agenda.
comedy:An undercover cop finds himself in a strange position after infiltrating a gang that pulls wildly popular pranks on corrupt officials in Mumbai.
comedy:After failing out of art school and taking a humdrum office job, a whimsical painter gets a chance to fulfill her lifelong dream of adopting a unicorn.
drama:Toxic conditions and a corrupt union leader prompt a chemical plant worker and earnest family man to fight for justice for his fellow laborers.
crime:A widowed cop tapped to lead a special cybercrimes unit teams up with a former hacker to hunt down tech-savvy criminals who are terrorizing Belgium.
action:Liam Neeson stars as a man who regains consciousness after a car accident, only to discover that another man is impersonating him.
international:A very chiseled but somber detective must find a serial killer who leaves clues that only his mentor's nerdy comics-loving son can decipher.
international:In this remake of the Korean series, a man becomes mired in the lives of two women who happen to share the same name.
documentary:From eradicating disease to selecting a child’s traits, gene editing gives humans the chance to hack biology. Meet the real people behind the science.
international:A Hasidic Jewish woman in Brooklyn flees to Berlin from an arranged marriage and is taken in by a group of musicians — until her past comes calling.
international:A complicated, one-sided secret attraction sends ripples through the lives of a mild-mannered student and her dashing classmate.
documentary:In this heart-wrenching documentary, a 28-year-old Ph.D. student turns the camera on herself to capture her struggles with chronic fatigue syndrome.
crime:When a hard-nosed detective reluctantly partners with an informant to solve complex cases, she uncovers links to a particularly puzzling cold case.
international:A young woman discovers that familial and psychological traumas can be difficult to leave behind.
crime:Ride along for a dramatized version of the real-life investigations into the murders of rap icons Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls.
crime:Real cases of perplexing disappearances, shocking murders and paranormal encounters fuel this gripping revival of the iconic documentary series.
drama:Laurie and Joseph are doctors who interview sexually abused children. With a lot of energy they track down a pedophile who has abused many toddlers.
international:A group of friends set out on a road trip when an unexpected fourth passenger forces an abrupt change of plans.
children:This documentary explores how the legendary creatures of Romania's vast wilderness roam free yet endure the ever-changing seasons.
international:France’s funniest comics carry out ghastly tasks as they try to outlast – and outwit – one another while overnighting in haunted locations.
drama:A grieving filmmaker struggling to keep custody of his young son after his wife's death uses magical, imaginary stories to maintain their bond.
comedy:Ryan Bingham flies around the country firing employees on behalf of companies, but he faces losing the job he savors to recent college grad Natalie.
drama:A pampered heir must complete a year of service work to inherit his dad's assets but unearths new goals when he's placed in an unfamiliar region.
children:Two mischievous yet lovable five-year-old twins and their friends enjoy daily life and new discoveries with the residents of their Malaysian village.
documentary:This documentary profiles a defiant driver who challenged racial barriers in American auto racing, becoming the first black man to race in the Indy 500.
comedy:Hoping to do good while making millions, three college graduates create a startup. But as business begins to flourish, their own bond starts to fray.
drama:When a chemical plant's poor conditions cause tragedies, an employee leads a protest against the company’s callous owner and local politicians.
drama:After getting tricked into working at a brothel, a medical student joins forces with two of her co-workers to fight their unscrupulous exploiters.
comedy:Stand-up comedian Urzila Carlson keeps the crowd roaring with her thoughts on recasting The Biggest Loser, sex tape regrets and boxed wine hangovers.
drama:Two strangers meet on a train and form a bond that evolves over the years. After a separation, they reconnect and reflect on their love for each other.
action:To evade greedy pharmaceutical crooks, a medical scientist disguises himself as a struggling salesman to protect his groundbreaking cancer research.
action:After becoming stranded in the Philippine Sea during World War II, a tenacious Navy crew faces a dire lack of supplies and a string of shark attacks.
drama:An aspiring pilot fights for her future – and justice – after surviving an acid attack from her abusive boyfriend.
action:A masked freedom fighter known as V takes up arms against a totalitarian government and finds an unlikely ally in a young woman.
action:A fast-spreading disease that turns victims into blood-sucking fiends pits two best friends against each other in a fight for humanity's future.
children:Three friends who study martial arts find themselves defending humanity from a criminal mastermind and his invading army from another dimension.
international:When his nephew dies in a plane crash, stunt man Cha Dal-geon resolves to find out what happened, with the help of covert operative Go Hae-ri.
documentary:Go behind the scenes with Brazilian pop icon Anitta, along with her friends and family, as she aims to create a new song and music video each month.
international:As the owner of a group of international schools, a man gets caught in a series of scams as his wife, a principal, rules his life with an iron fist.
international:A writer in creative and marital crises finds support from three friends, who are also discovering themselves. Based on the novels by Elísabet Benavent.
action:Following an unsuccessful mission in Somalia, the two surviving members of a U.S. Army helicopter crew are embroiled in an unseemly conspiracy.
anime:At Cross Academy, two student disciplinary committee members are tasked with keeping the peace between a human class and a night class of vampires.
international:A Paris teen who's half human, half vampire grapples with her emerging powers and family turmoil as she's pursued by a secret vampire community.
comedy:Three gutsy kids from a rapidly gentrifying Bronx neighborhood stumble upon a sinister plot to suck all the life from their beloved community.
international:After three years in a coma, Vanessa awakens to a world ravaged by vampires. Now, she and a motley band of fellow survivors fight to stay alive.
drama:Shyam wakes to discover he's suspected in a murder that one journalist believes may have ties to a mysterious gangster.
action:Moments after he arrives in Spain for an antiterrorism summit, U.S. President Ashton is shot.
comedy:At an apartment complex, the lives of a mother, a daughter seeking an arranged marriage, a military retiree and a young man become intertwined.
drama:Three youths from rural South Africa set out for Johannesburg, where they're thrust into the seedy underbelly of the city and must fight to survive.
action:A police official assembles an elaborate network of spies and undercover operatives to bring down a ruthless bandit with a private army.
comedy:Quick to throw punches in the name of justice, a young man must find a calmer way to win over the pacifist father of the girl he wishes to marry.
documentary:A Las Vegas doctor's controversial online contest sees anxious entrants vie for free in vitro fertilization, a procedure rarely covered by insurance.
children:With exciting trips to the big city, the ski slopes and beyond, the Veggie friends expand their horizons and learn valuable faith-based lessons.
children:Bob the Tomato, Larry the Cucumber and their Veggie pals venture beyond the kitchen counter in these playful adventures with Christian themes.
international:In 1950s Spain, the heir to a fashion house romances a beautiful seamstress who works for the company, despite the objections of his family.
drama:A feared critic, an icy gallery owner and an ambitious assistant snap up a recently deceased artist's stash of paintings – with dire consequences.
international:In the late '60s, fashion designer Ana enlists friends Clara, Pedro and Raúl to open a store and design school in Barcelona in this Velvet spinoff.
drama:During Christmas 1969, the impending sale of Velvet reunites past and present staff in Madrid for fond remembrances, second chances and new beginnings.
drama:A reclusive psychologist agrees to treat a patient – whose therapist is missing – at her remote cabin, where the women test each other's boundaries.
horror:In 1991 Madrid, after holding a séance at school, a teen girl minding her younger siblings at home suspects an evil force has entered their apartment.
international:King Louis XIV of France commissions a lavish palace that becomes a fierce battleground for love and politics – and a gilded prison for nobility.
drama:Polygamy, piety and personal principles collide for a charming and congenial young university student struggling in a four-way love triangle.
drama:Now a lecturer in Edinburgh, Fahri tries to begin a new chapter as the love of his life, Aisha, volunteers in the Gaza Strip. Have they moved on?
comedy:When three brothers struggling to go straight become targets of a criminal underworld, they use the making of a movie as a front to transport drugs.
action:"This powerful Tamil action film follows the shared fate of two very different siblings: policeman Thiru and his roguish brother, Guru."
other:Charming slacker DI Jack Armstrong and driven professional DI Kate Bishop try to solve crimes together without driving each other crazy.
drama:As viceroy Lord Mountbatten arrives in Delhi to oversee a transfer of power from Britain to India in 1947, war looms between religious factions.
international:No one can be trusted after a terrorist bombing in Bilbao kills seven and destroys the lives of the suspected jihadi and everyone around him.
drama:A beauty pageant winner is stalked by a serial killer who kidnaps her sister and torments her family in this thriller based on a shocking true story.
drama:In 1962 Brooklyn, a Puerto Rican teen who joins a gang is seduced by violence and heroin. But can his mother's love and faith in God save him?
children:When aspiring singer Tori Vega joins the eccentric students at Hollywood Arts High, she struggles to fit in with the amazingly talented teens.
international:José Olaya, a Spanish miner, emigrates to Argentina in 1934, while his son, an architect, moves to Spain after Argentina's economic collapse in 2001.
action:Framed for her father’s murder, an exiled Viking princess is guided by the god Odin as she prepares to return to her kingdom and reclaim the throne.
documentary:Archaeologist Sarah Parcak follows clues to early Viking explorations and discusses just what these notoriously fierce warriors were really like.
drama:Fresh out of prison, an ex-con tries to save his debt-ridden brother and the family pub until local mobsters draw him back to a criminal underworld.
international:Love can be complicated, especially when Vince agrees to secretly woo Kath via text on behalf of James – while falling for her, too.
drama:In rural Louisiana, a terse loner forges a redemptive bond with a woman he saved from a killer, but a violent past soon catches up with both of them.
anime:The war is over, and Violet Evergarden needs a job. Scarred and emotionless, she takes a job as a letter writer to understand herself and her past.
anime:A lonely young woman feels trapped at her all girls' school. But metal hands and heartfelt letters warm her heart when Violet becomes her tutor.
anime:Auto Memory Doll Violet Evergarden writes letters for people who can’t, learning about her war-torn country and her own hardened heart along the way.
comedy:Comedian Vir Das tackles nationalism, globalism, good food and bad politics in two cleverly crosscut performances in New York and New Delhi.
comedy:From the Vedas to Vasco da Gama to vacuous Bollywood plotlines, comedian Vir Das celebrates the history of India with his one-of-a-kind perspective.
comedy:The world's got a lot of problems, but Vir Das has a lot of answers as he discusses travel, religion, his childhood and more in this stand-up special.
comedy:Stage banter takes on a different — deeper — meaning as the comedian performs online shows to homebound viewers worldwide from his Mumbai residence.
children:Humanoid robot boy ViR lives with his inventor, Dr. Prem Sahay, and, with his best friends, is always ready to use his superpowers to save the day.
romance:Searching for a fresh start, a nurse practitioner moves from LA to a remote northern California town and is surprised by what – and who – she finds.
drama:A man is disheartened when he visits his well-to-do son and grandkids in Australia and sees they have detached from their traditional Indian morals.
documentary:The Oscar-nominated true story of the rangers risking their lives to save Africa's most precious national park and its endangered gorillas.
documentary:The team behind the searing documentary reveals what inspired them to tell the story of Virunga and the lethal fight to save the gorillas' sanctuary.
drama:When a mother and her daughter arrive to stay in his home in Kerala, a young Muslim man becomes torn between love, faith and clashing political views.
drama:In a remote village in colonial India, an old man and his grandson display strong differences in their attitudes toward the country's British rulers.
drama:Set up for an arranged marriage, a young couple enjoys an old-fashioned courtship, until an accident days before their wedding tests their nascent love.
comedy:In 1974, a rural town in Anatolia gets its first television set – an event that's met with both excitement and trepidation by the villagers.
comedy:With civil war looming, a TV-obsessed Turkish town is bemused when a bureaucrat and his daughter arrive to modernize their library.
drama:While investigating a series of murders and the nightclub that links them, a detective’s case takes an alarming turn when his wife goes missing.
crime:A deft detective whose wife is killed by a serial murderer teams up with a rookie cop, a gifted voice profiler dealing with her own father’s murder.
documentary:In this faith-based docuseries, Bishop Ezekiel Williams builds an inspiring, nontraditional gospel choir with the help of superstar nephew Pharrell.
children:In an all-new series, five unlikely heroes and their flying robot lions unite to form the megapowerful Voltron and defend the universe from evil.
documentary:French humorist Yacine Belhousse tours the world to explore how stand-up comedians make audiences laugh across cultures.
documentary:Legendary journalist Gay Talese unmasks a motel owner who spied on his guests for decades. But his bombshell story soon becomes a scandal of its own.
children:For these half-car, half-animal friends, each day in Zippy City is a chance to have fun, be creative and use teamwork to solve difficult problems.
drama:A young man in foster care finds his voice in the underground rap battle scene. But when his mother returns, a lifetime of pain comes with her.
comedy:Comedian W. Kamau Bell muses on parenting in the Trump era, free speech dustups, woke children's TV and his fear of going off the grid.
drama:This glossy ensemble drama juxtaposes the lives of famous divorcée Wallis Simpson and Wally Winthrop, a young 1990s housewife.
comedy:After being dishonorably discharged from the Navy Seals, Bob and David are back serving our country the way they do best – making sketch comedy.
drama:Frustrated with the stalled investigation into her husband's murder, a woman searches for the killer on her own, putting herself in grave danger.
other:The new Head of Values at the BBC deals with redefining the company's purpose, events like the arrival of Prince Charles and issues with new programs.
action:When Pakistani authorities learn of a looming terrorist strike, they ask a retired intelligence officer to counter the attack before it's too late.
action:In a modern adaptation of a mythological tale, a devoted wife is willing to do whatever it takes to rescue her husband from the clutches of death.
international:After the death of his father, a passive and good-natured teenager named Wadi struggles with family, work and love.
drama:A persistent 10-year-old wishes for a new bicycle so she can beat her friend (a boy) in a race. But it's going to take some ingenuity to get one.
international:Six hopeful friends journey into adulthood to create the moments that pull them together, draw them apart and make them fall in love.
drama:While visiting his comatose wife in the hospital, a serene old professor befriends a vibrant young woman whose husband has also fallen into a coma.
documentary:This dynamic documentary weaves together stories about students, educators and reformers to shed light on America's failing public school system.
comedy:Employees turn up the antics during an eight-hour shift at the restaurant Shenaniganz when new opportunities call and boredom gets the best of them.
international:After taking the blame for a patient death, an anesthesiologist battling psychiatric trauma fights to stay afloat in the corrupt hospital system.
comedy:A spoiled trust fund brat finds himself stuck in a rut of meaningless late-night parties – until he meets a significantly older woman and writer.
drama:An unhappy father and lawyer quits his suburban life and vanishes into the attic above his garage, where he watches his family move on without him.
children:Yugo, a 12-year-old Eliatrope with special powers, sets out on a mission to find his true family and uncover the mysteries of Wakfu.
children:Six years after Yugo and his team defeat Qilby, Ogrest's crying floods Amalia's kingdom. To stop him, they must find the six missing Eliatrope Dofus.
drama:Heartbroken from her last relationship, an attorney is wary of falling in love again. But crossing paths with an ex upends her plans to finally move on.
documentary:A community of monks in France led by Zen Buddhist master Thich Nhat Hanh offers an intimate glimpse into mindfulness practice and the monastic life.
children:In the wake of an accident that leaves her paralyzed, a champion rodeo rider vows to get back on her horse and compete again. Based on a true story.
drama:A suburban teen goes hunting with his estranged father. When a mishap with a bear occurs, he must his use his survival skills to save them both.
children:This collection of 12 short films from Disney includes Frozen Fever, the Mickey Mouse short Get a Horse! and Oscar winners Paperman and Feast.
comedy:Wanda Sykes tackles politics, reality TV, racism and the secret she'd take to the grave in this rollicking, no-holds-barred stand-up special.
documentary:Navigating creative pressures and personal upsets, French rapper Nekfeu sets out on a global quest for musical inspiration in this documentary.
other:Unable to revive their fading sex life after many years of marriage, a therapist and her husband decide to start dating other people.
crime:Polar-opposite strangers Lola and Chelsea become partners on the run when they witness a murder involving dirty cops and are framed for the crime.
action:When his partner is killed and all clues point to a notorious assassin, FBI agent Jack Crawford sets out for revenge in this taut action-thriller.
documentary:Filmed over three years in 10 countries, this documentary gives voice to the women who have become victims of sexual violence as weapons of war.
comedy:Set in an India-Pakistan border post, this satirical but thought-provoking comedy about war deals with serious events in a humorous manner.
drama:During World War I, the bond between a young Englishman and his loyal horse, Joey, is tested when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to France.
comedy:When a proud general is tasked with winning an unpopular war, he takes the challenge head-on, not knowing that hubris may be his own worst enemy.
action:Terry and Bob excel at blackmailing small-time crooks. But when the two cops target a big score, they learn not all criminals are easily intimidated.
horror:When an aspiring documentarian returns to his hometown to investigate paranormal happenings, his girlfriend's mental health takes a troubling turn.
comedy:A soon-to-be-retiring Mr. Lino teaches 20-something Nin the strict rules of his new warehouse job in this dramedy about the absurdities of work life.
crime:A war veteran plagued by guilt over his final mission teams up with his best friend's widow to infiltrate a dangerous Copenhagen biker gang.
action:After waking up in a morgue, an orphaned teen discovers she now possesses superpowers as the chosen Halo-Bearer for a secret sect of demon-hunting nuns.
documentary:Part live-action and part animation, this visually inventive series offers striking portrayals of some of the unsung heroes of World War II.
international:When four very different men appear in her life, a single mother who hasn't dated in years begins to rediscover love — and herself.
drama:"Based on a true and gripping story: Cuban spies infiltrate exile groups in the 1990s to stop terrorism against the island, but at a high personal cost."
international:Famously unfiltered star Joon Park goes to Los Angeles for an audition – and for a colorful, totally personal romp through the city he calls home.
comedy:Rushing to pay off a loan shark, a young man breaks into a bungalow to steal the cash, unprepared for the dog standing guard – or the trouble inside.
documentary:California residents and farmers face powerful barons in the struggle to secure water rights in this fresh historical account of profit and interests.
documentary:Six young women, who each live near one of Earth's major rivers, share how the Waterschool environmental education program has impacted their lives.
other:A warren of rabbits battles many threats on their daring journey to find a new home in this adaptation of the classic novel by Richard Adams.
international:After years in the U.S., a Taiwanese immigrant returns to her hometown with a young daughter in tow to assist her father with his bed-and-breakfast.
drama:Helping an amputee grandmaster settle the score for his tragic past, a grieving detective unravels a conspiracy more complicated than he imagined.
documentary:After the 1978 Israeli invasion of Lebanon, children try to sing the national anthem as citizens search for hope in the war-torn South.
drama:A divorced mother of three children runs a happy household – until her former husband brings his new career-oriented girlfriend into the picture.
action:Raised in a boxing gym, two orphaned brothers become highly skilled martial artists and must combat threats in the streets and the ring.
documentary:Activists around the world fight injustice and drive social change in this documentary that follows their participation in the music video Solidarité.
documentary:Explore an array of unique competitions, from the quirky to the bizarre, and meet their passionate communities in this docuseries.
international:A mysterious classmate leads four idealistic teens in a revolt against a rising tide of nationalistic fervor, but their movement takes a dark turn.
drama:In 1992, three radically different residents of Rostock, Germany, become entangled in a violent xenophobic riot that rocks the beleaguered city.
drama:An ambitious young DJ who knows how to work a crowd puts everything at risk for a budding relationship with his mentor's girlfriend.
children:Grizzly, Panda and Ice Bear are three adopted bear brothers struggling against their animal instincts to fit into the civilized, modern human world.
other:A divorced professor shares a night of passion with a troubled student who quickly develops an unhealthy – perhaps deadly – infatuation.
children:When alien invaders capture Earth’s superheroes, their kids must learn to work together to save their parents — and the planet.
drama:The fragile and secretive world of two sisters and their uncle crumbles when their charming cousin arrives with eyes toward the family fortune.
comedy:"A happy woman's new love is going great, but she needs one thing: divorce papers from her depressed ex. To get them, trickery may be in order."
documentary:Trained dancer Vandana Hart travels the world to learn traditional and urban dance styles from the local experts who know them best.
horror:A night at a 1980s heavy metal concert hits a grisly note when new friends find themselves in the middle of a satanic murder spree.
drama:A trio of brothers cope with their parents' volatile relationship by running wild and unchecked, and one of them experiences a visceral awakening.
documentary:Narrated by actor and former Marine Gene Hackman, this documentary showcases the experience of becoming a member of the US Marine Corps.
action:While fighting a child custody battle against his father-in-law, a taxi driver loses his memory when his son is kidnapped.
children:The Lalaloopsy gang and their adorable pets know every day is a perfect day to celebrate the magic of friendship, creativity and collaboration.
comedy:Unhappy with his commercial film work, a jaded Hollywood actor moves to Argentina to participate in an experimental thesis on social philosophy.
documentary:Speaking to retailers and owners of the Glock pistol, two filmmakers shed light on the politics of violence and its implications from Chicago to Kirkuk.
drama:When a delivery of coffins foreshadows a harsh winter, residents of a retirement home escape their confines and rediscover the world outside.
comedy:Mathias's girlfriend finds a business card for a wedding planner in his pocket. Suddenly, he's engaged and hiring his lover to plan the big day!
comedy:A socially conscious film director struggles with his career as he faces numerous obstacles, including his social media-friendly significant other.
documentary:Buoyed by hopeful experiences with medical marijuana, physicians and parents of children with cancer call for more research of its healing potential.
comedy:A suburban mother starts selling marijuana to her affluent neighbors so she can maintain her comfortable lifestyle after her husband's sudden death.
drama:In 1980s Hong Kong, a school principal forms a baseball team with an eclectic crew of local students who soon fight their way to the top of the league.
other:From animal oddities and bizarre science to medical marvels, scientists and experts examine some of the world's strangest mysteries and phenomena.
comedy:In this silly Bollywood farce, the brothers of a Mafia princess set out on a comical mission to marry their sister into a respectable family.
comedy:Denied a U.S. visa, two dim Indian men decide to sneak into America on a boat. Fate, however, leaves them stranded on a beach – in Karachi, Pakistan.
comedy:When frustrated politicians name a historical figure as the next president, an honest, humble man by the same name suddenly becomes Italy's leader.
children:Dracula's daughter Draculaura sets out to create a new kind of school where monsters of all kinds can be themselves and have a scary good time.
drama:A lecherous World Bank official sees his reputation crumbling when he's accused of raping a hotel maid during a trip to New York.
comedy:An educated man assists the illiterate residents of his village with written correspondence, sometimes manipulating the letters to suit his interests.
action:At a basketball game, an ex-Special Forces officer must face a group of tech-savvy hostiles when a team owner and his daughter are taken hostage.
international:When an evicted single mom's estranged father dies, she and his second wife cover up his death after learning they've been written out of his will.
comedy:A marijuana farmer's extraterrestrial paranoia creates trouble for a group of young campers who pitch their tent on his land in Northern California.
comedy:On leave in his drought-ridden village to find his daughter a husband, a father becomes mired in the bribery-laced bureaucracy of his local government.
international:To secure a bone marrow donation, an actress diagnosed with leukemia makes a marriage pact with a young CEO – but love and secrets get in the way.
crime:Bea Smith is locked up while awaiting trial for the alleged attempted murder of her husband and must learn how life works in prison.
drama:Three intrepid teens roam the streets of Beirut in the midst of civil war, filming on a Super 8 camera and reckoning with the pains of growing up.
comedy:Four small-town French teens who style themselves after American rappers set out to avenge a classroom insult and end up on a mind-blowing adventure.
documentary:West Coast Customs, a mecca for well-heeled car lovers, stars as their team creates some of the most luxurious, outrageous vehicles on the planet.
other:At the onset of World War II, a Polish infantry lacking firepower fight to build a strong defense and protect their peninsula against enemy forces.
other:Nine struggling musicians share the spotlight in this deeply personal reality series about the challenges and thrills of staging a Hollywood showcase.
international:Spirited high school misfits with hearts of gold begin their journeys into adulthood as they navigate school, friendship, romance and heartbreak.
documentary:A look into the journey of influential strength coach Louie Simmons and the Westside Barbell gym he founded, evolving the sport of powerlifting.
comedy:It's the first day of camp in this outrageous prequel to the hilarious 2001 cult classic movie. And at Camp Firewood, anything can happen.
comedy:A decade after their wild summer as junior counselors, the gang reunites for a weekend of bonding, hanky-panky and hair-raising adventures.
drama:Desperate to secure funding for her med tech startup, an idealistic scientist and her husband strike an outrageous deal with a mysterious investor.
children:In search of the father she's never met, the daughter of a bohemian American woman heads to Europe and finds that her dad is an uptight politician.
comedy:In a large family living under one roof, a storm brews when the matriarch requests a divorce from her husband on their 50th anniversary.
comedy:When two unlikely friends play hooky from school, accidental encounters and otherworldly events turn their day into a whimsical coming-of-age journey.
comedy:In an attempt to get her ex to propose, Nayla hosts a gathering to introduce him to her new suitor — only for the party to turn into a hellish occasion.
drama:A detective interrogates a monkey who is suspected of murder.
action:In a future with a strict one-child policy, six septuplets must avoid government detection while searching for their missing sister.
comedy:With the peak of his career long behind him, an actor clings to his past glory — until a sudden wake-up call forces him to face who he's become.
documentary:Using never-before-heard recordings, rare archival footage and her best-known songs, this is the story of legendary singer and activist Nina Simone.
international:A naïve young woman goes to Istanbul to meet the now-grown boy who jokingly promised to marry her in 11 years after she saved his life as a child.
international:Four individuals at a crossroads in life are given the chance to take both paths, and decide which road is best for them.
international:A happy secret romance between a 40-year-old woman and a 25-year-old man is complicated after a greeting card grants her wish to be young again.
international:A 32-year-old romantic looking for a long-term, monogamous relationship meets a handsome bad boy who only believes in one-night stands.
other:A couple's romantic anniversary retreat to a rural cabin unravels when a childhood friend appears and reveals long-held secrets from the past.
horror:When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head.
documentary:This wide-ranging documentary examines the behaviors considered in a diagnosis of psychopathy and includes nonviolent, successful figures in history.
international:Based on the life of TV chef Fu Pei-mei, this drama follows two women – one rich, the other poor – who fortuitously cross paths in 1950s Taiwan.
drama:Struggling to survive alone post-apocalypse, a young woman is offered protection by an unknown man, but his village may not be the haven she imagines.
documentary:Featuring extensive interviews, this documentary takes a critical look at the gender inequality in Spain as the feminist movement aims to shift reality.
comedy:A crabby woman leaves home for a vacation and entrusts her niece's fiancé to feed her fish and adhere to a strict set of rules. He has other ideas.
documentary:This film examines the link between diet and disease, and the billions of dollars at stake in the healthcare, pharmaceutical and food industries.
comedy:A peasant from Punjab and his best friend pose as detectives, filmmakers and more while trying to retrieve stolen money in this romantic comedy.
international:With help from celebrity guests and a glam squad, filmmaker Karan Johar mentors six singletons through their personal struggles as they look for love.
documentary:DJs and industry insiders offer a backstage pass to the world of electronic dance music, reflecting on its radical origins and the future of the genre.
drama:A couple facing fertility issues finds their marriage tested on a vacation to a Sardinian resort — and the family next door only adds to the tension.
documentary:In this delightful short documentary, an Italian American grandmother and film buff finds strength and joy in the life of her screen idol, Sophia Loren.
other:In a backwater Iowa town, young Gilbert is torn between taking care of his troubled family and a girl who shows him new possibilities for his life.
children:Scooby-Doo and the gang enter the 21st century with this updated edition of the original series with more ghoulish mysteries to solve.
drama:A popular high school girl strains her relationship with her close-knit clique when she begins falling for a reclusive, lower-class schoolmate.
comedy:Flirting with modernity, a young woman must keep her new romance a secret from her conservative brother, who plans to keep her in line with tradition.
comedy:To protect his family from ruin, Yogesh must marry his dream girl in only ten days, so he rushes into dating women with different astrological signs.
action:The getaway driver in a botched robbery puts his skills and smarts to the test when he receives shocking orders from an unknown caller.
comedy:To claim a big inheritance, a down-on-his-luck mechanic must win a series of competitions as outlined in his birth father's will.
drama:After a businessman falls asleep at the wheel and hits a woman with his car, his interactions with her scared friend unleash a string of dark events.
drama:Leaving behind her upper-crust city roots, a woman journeys west in the early 1900s to become a teacher in a small Canadian mining community.
documentary:A small-town taxi driver is arranged to be married, resulting in an intimate look at the clash between modernity and tradition in India.
international:Years after a bitter falling out, four Israeli military veterans reunite and travel to Colombia in search of a loved one they'd presumed to be dead.
international:On a visit to his hometown, a rich bachelor seeks revenge on the woman who broke his heart 10 years ago. But his plan doesn't go as expected.
international:Fed up with coordinating weddings for everyone else, unlucky-in-love event planner Mo turns to the internet to see if she can find her own Mr. Right.
international:Dongbaek is a single mother. When a potential new love enters her life, she finds ways to defy the social stigmas surrounding her.
crime:Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.
documentary:This documentary takes a hard look at how indigenous peoples clashed violently with the Peruvian government over land and economics in the Amazon.
comedy:Using a magical photo booth that sends him back in time, Noah relives the night he met Avery over and over, trying to persuade her to fall for him.
action:Paul Newman proves he's still got prodigious acting chops, playing an aging bank robber who may have one last job in him. Faking a stroke, the incarcerated Newman is transferred to a nursing home and the care of a skeptical nurse.
comedy:Hunting for a stash of stolen money, a sharp-witted slacker from South Central Los Angeles infiltrates an all-white college fraternity.
comedy:A documentary filmmaker struggling with a creative block meets a vibrant young hipster couple who, initially, bring new energy into his life and work.
comedy:Brazilian YouTube sensation Whindersson Nunes revisits his humble beginnings and much more in a series of playful stories and peculiar songs.
comedy:Four buddies attend a class taught by a love guru who leads them to question their romantic attachments — until her hidden agenda comes to light.
comedy:To impress family, a factory owner pretends to be married to one of his employees, and soon, the couple finds their lives radically altered.
documentary:With her home devastated by war, a Lebanese poet takes a cross-country road trip, looking for glimmers of hope through nostalgic memories and verse.
other:When a civil war ravages the UK, a scientist awakens in a futuristic cell and is tortured by her captor for information she claims she doesn't possess.
children:Two war buddies fall for two sisters and follow the girls to a resort owned by their former commanding officer, who is in danger of losing the place.
children:A loyal wolfdog's curiosity leads him on the adventure of a lifetime while serving a series of three distinctly different masters.
drama:A college girl romping through New York City in search of cocaine and other highs finds something real to grasp, only to see it potentially slip away.
other:In 1980s Essex, cocky salesman Vincent Swan and his unscrupulous team will do anything to get the sale – including throwing honesty out the window.
comedy:Returning to Ibiza after several years walking the straight and narrow in London, Connor falls back in with a criminal crowd. It's like he never left.
other:Zoe Walker leaves her quiet life behind to investigate her brother's disappearance in Ibiza, where she quickly heads down a decadent and dangerous path.
international:A coldhearted heiress, a man from her past and an ambitious new hire in her company all become entangled on a battleground for money and power.
documentary:Kari Byron, Tory Belleci and Grant Imahara rank history's greatest inventions, heists and more in this series from the producers of MythBusters.
comedy:In her fourth stand-up special, Whitney Cummings returns to her hometown of Washington, D.C., and riffs on modern feminism, technology and more.
comedy:Comedy Central roast veteran Whitney Cummings gets the stage to herself in this debut special, which finds her riffing on a wide range of topics.
crime:When their 4-year-old son is murdered, a young couple fights a twisting and arduous battle trying to identify a frustratingly elusive killer.
crime:Decades after the assassination of African American leader Malcolm X, an activist embarks on a complex mission seeking truth in the name of justice.
documentary:Take a ride through the life of record exec Michael Alago, a gay Puerto Rican New Yorker who signed a slew of musical acts, including Metallica.
drama:On their last night together, four longtime flatmates' lives are suddenly upended when a secret is revealed during the course of an evening celebration.
other:A woman's revelation that she was once raped sends her boyfriend, a reformed street thug, into an emotional and spiritual tailspin.
international:A doctor performs plastic surgery on a fat man who's been jilted, and continues his transformation by turning him into a handsome, desirable man.
documentary:Powered by activists and leaders, this documentary follows the rise of the Black Lives Matter movement following the 2014 killing of Michael Brown.
documentary:The right to vote is at the foundation of America's democracy. But not every vote is created equal. How does the system work, and can it be fixed?
documentary:A Cambridge geneticist dispels misconceptions about living with obesity and explores why the epidemic continues to expand across the UK and America.
documentary:Pressured by his traditional family to marry, a filmmaker explores the idea of monogamy and the possibility of lifelong union without sexual fidelity.
drama:A young prosecutor is assigned a career-making case involving a colleague but soon starts to question the motivations behind the charges.
documentary:This installment of Frank Capra's acclaimed documentary series highlights the need for a Russo-American alliance to defeat the Nazis.
other:The natural bounty of Alaska sustains its diverse species through extreme weather conditions in three seasons, each with its rewards and challenges.
other:The widely varied geology and dramatic landscapes in the continental crossroads of Arabia harbors a rich history and an abundance of wildlife.
comedy:When a spoiled girl pushes her father too far with her spending and outlandish behavior, he ships the Malibu princess off to a strict boarding school.
crime:After surrendering to Bogotá police, an ex-guerrilla avoids prison by working undercover to investigate a ruthless enforcer of government corruption.
comedy:When insurance accidentally pays her millions, retired teacher Eva and her pal Maddie head to the Canary Islands for the adventure of their lives.
crime:When a controversial cult leader builds a utopian city in the Oregon desert, conflict with the locals escalates into a national scandal.
action:Armed with an ingenious arsenal, two top-notch government agents are tasked with tracking down a diabolical scientist in this futuristic Western.
drama:A teen’s life in 1960 Montana grows complicated when his father is fired, his mother returns to work, and the strain on the family begins to show.
horror:Confined to an attic for years by a man claiming to be her protector, teenage Anna is liberated and begins learning the rest of her terrifying story.
documentary:This inspiring documentary charts the birth of Sir Frank Williams's renowned racing empire – and the near-fatal crash that nearly stalled its future.
children:As winter approaches the lake, a common threat rattles the Verdies and Grimps as Willy Whistle looks to seize his chance to become a guardian.
children:Zany Willy Wonka causes a stir when he announces that golden tickets hidden inside his candy bars will admit holders into his secret confectionary.
comedy:After losing $50,000 that wasn't his, gambling addict Eddie starts to rebuild his life. But an unwelcome surprise pushes him toward his old ways.
other:Six couples compete to prove they've got the survival skills to win the deed to an extraordinary home deep in the vast, rugged wilderness of Alaska.
horror:The heiress to a vast firearms fortune constructs a mansion with a maze-like interior to ward off the spirits of those killed by her family's product.
comedy:When longtime friends meet up for a wine-soaked birthday getaway in Napa Valley, their perfectly planned weekend turns messier by the minute.
documentary:Winnie Mandela speaks about her extraordinary and controversial career, from her early life to her marriage to her ongoing efforts to end apartheid.
other:Actor Donald Faison hosts this game show in which contestants must arrange numerical-based trivia tidbits from largest to smallest for various prizes.
other:After the death of a long-ago lover, married philanderer Rob tracks down her friend, a drug-addicted prostitute desperate to escape her dead-end life.
documentary:Over 93 days in Ukraine, what started as peaceful student demonstrations became a violent revolution and full-fledged civil rights movement.
international:Years after ruthless businessmen kill his father and order the death of his twin brother, a modest fisherman adopts a new persona to exact revenge.
drama:In this unflinching noir drama, a resilient teen goes on the trail of her missing, drug-dealing father when his absence threatens the family's safety.
children:In this animated fantasy, a girl named Bloom befriends a band of fairies, then follows them into the secretive and dangerous Magical Dimension.
action:After a long stint in the army, an ex-lieutenant returns home and enters an underground MMA match to take on a local mobster and protect his family.
comedy:With his acting career moribund, Aidan Bloom steers a new tack in life, taking over his children's education when private school becomes too costly.
children:After surviving a life-threatening accident, a troubled cop finds new purpose when he bonds with a terminally ill little boy. Based on a true story.
children:Sisters Mia and Emma move to their grandmother’s farm far from the city and save a magical unicorn from local cowboys seeking its powers for themselves.
drama:Singing and dreaming together, a talented singer-songwriter and a same-aged keyboardist add harmony and love to each other’s lives.
other:Historian Suzannah Lipscomb investigates the witch hunts that plagued Britain in the 17th century, examining common myths about their origin.
drama:Unable to pay bills and unwilling to change his slacker lifestyle, twentysomething Aaron hatches a defrauding scheme when he finds a lost credit card.
documentary:A filmmaker trains the camera on her own family as she examines the impact her grandfather, troubled artist Arshile Gorky, had on three generations.
comedy:A group of local women band together to save a terrified young girl from marriage, launching a hilarious strike against their frustrated husbands.
comedy:After a woman is severely beaten at home, her strong-willed friends take a stand against their husbands to seek justice for domestic abuse victims.
children:Merlin’s apprentice joins Arcadia’s heroes on a time-bending adventure in Camelot, where conflict is brewing between the human, troll and magical worlds.
international:Tasked with risky missions across Turkey, members of a special-operations police unit confront danger and tragedy both on the field and at home.
drama:A promising high school basketball player has his eye on an Ivy League scholarship. But his father's secret addictions could ruin everything.
crime:This reality series recounts true stories of women who have been convicted for murder, including an in-depth examination of each crime.
action:When a major drug deal goes sour, the queen of the Warsaw underworld must contend with a rival criminal, a crossed ally and a religious fighter.
crime:Haunted by a shadowy past, the wife of a rising star in Amsterdam's mayoral office finds herself drawn into the city’s underworld of sex and drugs.
comedy:At the Comic Strip's first Arabic stand-up show, Wonho Chung ratchets up the laughs by tackling unique names, life in Jordan, accents and more.
drama:Shattered after her mother's death, a woman floats away from reality under the effect of a potent, hallucinatory drug as her life decays into chaos.
documentary:For the 50th anniversary of the legendary Woodstock festival, organizers and attendees reminisce about one of the defining moments of the 1960s.
children:A rascally bird with a distinctive laugh pecks back with a vengeance when his forest habitat is threatened by a slick lawyer building his dream home.
children:Meet Bailey, Franny, Kip and Lulu. They're adorable baby animals, and they want you to join the party and help them learn!
children:Sing along and dance with Bailey, Franny, Kip, Lulu and Tilly in this collection of music videos that will get you in the mood to move and groove!
comedy:A brilliant but clumsy high school senior vows to get into her late father’s alma mater by transforming herself and a misfit squad into dance champions.
international:Maternity leave is over and it's time for these four moms to return to work while navigating kids, bosses, love and life in modern-day Toronto.
international:A group of struggling individuals are united by a love of soccer. At the center is Renxin, a reclusive widower and former coach who needs new hope.
drama:When his frustrated girlfriend decides to leave him, a struggling writer gets down to work on stories of romance he hopes will win her back.
children:The reality show WOW! engages the Winx in their mission, starting an undercover, worldly journey in order to make talented kids' dreams come true.
action:Working under treacherous conditions, an army of dedicated rescuers struggles to find anyone who survived the World Trade Center's tragic collapse.
other:Footage of the most dramatic moments from World War II is restored in color and high definition for this historical documentary series.
other:From Moscow to Mexico City, three BBC journalists delve into the inner workings of some of the most burgeoning metropolises on Earth.
crime:Suspected of heinous crimes, they’ve avoided capture despite massive rewards and global investigations. A docuseries profiling the world’s most wanted.
other:From a bubble-shaped palace to an island built on plastic bottles, tour the world’s most fantastically bizarre residences.
crime:In this genre-bending tale, Errol Morris explores the mysterious death of a U.S. scientist entangled in a secret Cold War program known as MK-Ultra.
horror:In need of cash to help her sick brother, a young woman agrees to take part in a lethal winner-takes-all parlor game hosted by a sadistic millionaire.
comedy:In 1970s Melbourne, a DJ named Boori Monty Pryor and his brother Paul navigate racial tensions and police encounters amid disco and discrimination.
comedy:Two identical strangers pursue their respective dreams after exchanging lives and getting out from under the thumb of their controlling loved ones.
drama:The life of a chauffeur and part-time bootlegger takes a turn toward the dramatic when a girl approaches him to buy illicit alcohol.
action:An unassuming San Francisco chef becomes the latest in a long line of assassins chosen to keep the mystical Wu powers out of the wrong hands.
documentary:Rare color footage interwoven with firsthand interviews and diary entries bring to life the global sweep of World War II via those who were there.
documentary:Filmmaker John Huston narrates this Oscar-nominated World War II-era film about life among the U.S. soldiers protecting Alaska’s Aleutian Islands.
comedy:Wyatt Cenac heads to Brooklyn to share his observations on the borough that's the backdrop for three sitcoms and a reality show about cheesemongers.
action:Legendary lawman Wyatt Earp is continually at odds with a gang of renegade cowboys, culminating in a fiery showdown with the outlaws at the OK Corral.
international:The outcast descendant of lawman Wyatt Earp teams up with an immortal Doc Holliday to rid the world of demonic revenants from the Wild West.
comedy:After he is rejected by the woman he loves and obesity-related issues kill his uncle, a lonely, overweight artist undergoes a major transformation.
drama:When a middle-aged filmmaker meets an alluring stranger at a party, he's haunted by troubling memories of his past relationships.
drama:The lives of a budding DJ, his loyal pal, a hopeless romantic, a jaded has-been and a troubled couple intersect at an electronic dance music festival.
documentary:Set against the 2015 Rugby World Cup, this documentary captures the allure of rugby as told by fans, players and others who have touched the game.
horror:This four-part anthology of short horror films features stories that include some traditional themes but all are shown from a female point of view.
action:A notorious underground rush-seeker deemed untouchable by the law is coerced into cooperating with the government to infiltrate a Russian crime ring.
action:In this action-packed follow-up to XXX, U.S. intelligence officer Augustus Gibbons must thwart a massive conspiracy to overthrow the government.
drama:When rich teens Tenoch and Julio meet the alluring, older Luisa, they try to impress her with stories of a road trip, then convince her to join them.
drama:The lives of a middle-aged soap opera addict, an ambitious career woman, a fervent activist and nine others from different walks of Indian life intersect in Mumbai. But this vibrant melting pot threatens to bubble over with bias and bigotry.
documentary:Guillermo del Toro and Alfonso Cuarón discuss fellow Mexican director Fernando Frías de la Parra's award-winning film I'm No Longer Here.
drama:Two young lovers set out to overcome the obstacles that stand in the way of their marriage, beginning with the objections of the girl's father.
drama:When his brother becomes involved in a deadly bank robbery, a heartbroken cop vows to track down and retrieve his wayward sibling – dead or alive.
drama:The patriarch of a wealthy family with one industrious son and one who's a playboy arranges for the marriage of one to the woman the other loves.
action:Up to his old tricks, con man Dharam poses as a millionaire to get his younger son married to the daughter of a wealthy businessman.
comedy:Thanks to an arranged marriage that was designed to make an ailing grandmother happy, newlyweds Rahul and Swati are virtually strangers. Can a four-day honeymoon make a difference when it comes to the couple's feelings about each other?
crime:On the run from the police, an Arizona man crosses into Mexico and gets deeply involved in drug trafficking – with the help of modern technology.
international:A determined Qing dynasty princess contends with palace intrigue and a vendetta against her family while navigating the treacherous terrain of romance.
drama:A man cured of leprosy and a young orphan leave their colony for the first time to travel across Egypt, hoping to find the families they lost.
drama:Discovered by an eccentric ballet master, two gifted but underprivileged Mumbai teens face bigotry and disapproval as they pursue their dancing dreams.
comedy:A poor family’s goat suddenly acquires divine status, sparking a widespread frenzy as everyone clamors to benefit from its unexpected celebrity.
international:In the summer of 1998, middle child Harshu balances school, family, friendship and other challenges of growing up.
children:An orphaned bird tags along with a flock on their long migration to Africa and becomes a hero when his newfound family runs into trouble.
comedy:After a bitter divorce, a bank drone falls under the sway of a self-help guru who urges him to say yes to everything that comes his way for a year.
international:Traditional girl Pie is initially uncomfortable with her tomboyish new roommate. But as time goes on, she finds herself increasingly attracted to her.
international:No longer university girls, Kim and Pie face new hurdles in their relationship, including work, new friends and other distractions.
international:Roommates Wine and Pie find their lives turned upside down when two more ladies move in next door, bringing up past heartaches and new attractions.
international:When a frustrated businessman starts his own firm, it soon morphs into a way to help senior citizens refresh their dying traditional trades.
comedy:A devoutly religious teen grapples with her own sexual awakening, and attends a Catholic school retreat in the hopes of suppressing her newfound urges.
international:K-pop star Seungri, BIGBANG's youngest member, tries to lead a team of bumbling staff at YG's Future Strategy Office in this mockumentary sitcom.
anime:Nate frees a mythical being trapped in a magic capsule, and the two new friends have adventures with all sorts of troublesome supernatural creatures.
anime:Nate's special Yo-Kai Watch is missing. He travels back in time to meet the watch's inventor, his grandfather. Together, they must restore history!
comedy:With an all-important high school party at stake, two teen yoga fanatics enlist a man hunter to help fight an army of monsters created by Nazis.
children:Friends Mai, Oto and Vik's games at the park become magical adventures, thanks to Yoko, who can turn playgrounds into spaceships and camping sites.
children:Vik meets new friends in a new city, where they go on exciting adventures together with a magical being. But soon, his family must move again.
children:With the mind of a human being, and the body of whichever animal he chooses to be, a young boy protects the world from danger.
comedy:Daring comedian Yoo Byung-jae connects criticism he's received from the general public to some of the most touchy issues in current Korean society.
comedy:Saturday Night Live Korea writer-turned-comedian Yoo Byung-jae lays bare his childhood memories and philosophy on sex in his first stand-up venture.
children:In a series of magical missions, quick-witted YooHoo and his can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need.
crime:Obsessed with an aspiring writer, a charming bookstore manager goes to extreme measures to insert himself into her life.
children:After becoming separated from her family, a young girl finds herself in the care of a heartbroken woman who faces her own struggles.
children:A gifted young ballet dancer struggles to find her footing in an uptight ballet school that brings her and her family to a brand-new neighborhood.
comedy:After stepping in to revitalize his family's hotel, a money-minded businessman clashes with the hotel's cheery, Christmas-loving decorator.
crime:A nurse and her daughter flee her husband’s drug-trafficking past in Mexico and assume new identities in Spain, but still face danger in Madrid.
drama:A soap opera producer, director and makeup artist each face wrenching family turmoil, from teen rebellion and marital infidelity to Alzheimer's.
comedy:Laida and Miggy think they've found perfect happiness with each other, until their burgeoning careers force them into a long-distance relationship.
action:An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secretly fabulous ambition to become a Manhattan hairstylist will do anything to make his dreams come true.
drama:After a one-night stand, Holly develops a dangerous obsession with Tyler and transfers to his high school, desperate to keep their romance alive.
children:In this interactive series, you'll make key decisions to help Bear Grylls survive, thrive and complete missions in the harshest environments on Earth.
comedy:When an old fling shows up with their infant child, a dallying man-child must take on the role of father and create a fairytale world for his daughter.
comedy:Pong, a corporate assistant, poses as his company’s president in order to help Georgina, a marketing executive, close a crucial business deal.
international:A young woman's romantic cruise ends in a twist when she gets pregnant after a one-night stand with a rich executive, turning their lives upside down.
comedy:An ad creative and a successful exec have a great marriage — until he wants to be a dad just as her star is rising. Then he brings someone new home.
comedy:A female food blogger is hired as a personal chef by a young tech tycoon and faces a new menu of challenges, both inside and outside of the kitchen.
comedy:When a divorced writer gets a letter from an old boyfriend announcing his wife's had a baby, she returns to her hometown to reconnect with her ex.
action:Aided only by a tough female police officer, a Hong Kong taxi driver tries to escape from gangsters pursuing incriminating evidence left in his cab.
crime:An incendiary hate crime stirs civil unrest, fast-tracking rookie cop Kurt Wallander to detective in this origin story for the popular character.
comedy:Bumbling through politics, a billionaire businessman's presidential campaign seems destined for disaster until it gets a boost from social media.
anime:After his mother's death, a piano prodigy's will to play disappears. But meeting a free-spirited girl who plays the violin turns his life around.
drama:In 1987, as martial law ends in Taiwan, Jia-han and Birdy fall in love amid family pressure, homophobia and social stigma.
drama:After his son is brutally beaten outside a nightclub, a surgeon takes the law into his own hands and seeks vengeance against the perpetrators.
international:Two lonely singles meet on a blind date and slowly get to know each other, unaware that their parents are friends and may be falling in love.
comedy:Revisiting life goals set in a letter written as a teen to his future self, comedian Kanan Gill reports back on if he's lived up to his own expectations.
children:When a father of eight and a mother of 10 prepare to wed, the couple's children attempt to sabotage the union in this remake of a 1968 comedy.
international:A group of women leaves Kuwait to attend university in Cairo, embarking on personal journeys filled with romance and self-discovery.
drama:Amid the tumult following Egyptian President Morsi's ouster, demonstrators from divergent backgrounds are brought together inside a police truck.
comedy:On his wedding day, an arrogant, greedy accountant experiences a series of calamities that keep replaying as he lives the same day over and over again.
anime:The lives of young Yugi Moto and his friends Joey, Tristan, and Téa are forever changed when a fantasy card game becomes their reality.
anime:Now that he's discovered the Pendulum Summoning technique, Yuya's dream of becoming the greatest dueltainer is in reach – but it won't be easy!
comedy:Competing con artists attempt to creatively and ruthlessly swindle a fatherly lottery winner while on a lively cruise from Spain to Mexico.
international:It's drama Down Under when expectant mothers with model good looks and lavish lifestyles pull out all the stops to prepare for their new arrivals.
international:During the Mongol invasions, Yunus Emre leaves his home to travel across the Ottoman Empire, defying hardships and temptations to become a dervish.
drama:An accident on a bridge ties together three young men from different social classes, sparking a course of events that will forever alter their lives.
action:A team embarks on a perilous cross-country mission to transport the one man who survived a deadly zombie virus, hoping he holds the key to a vaccine.
children:"Fading music biz veteran Zé realizes he has just one more chance at redemption: He must assemble a hit boy band from a ragtag group of pop newbies."
comedy:The unorthodox, piano-playing stand-up star Zach Galifianakis makes a splash on the scene and serves up a healthy dose of his signature wit.
comedy:Zack and Miri make and star in an adult film to bring in easy money. But their unspoken feelings for each other might threaten the whole enterprise.
children:Teen surfer Zak Storm is mysteriously transported to the Bermuda Triangle, where he becomes the captain of a magical ship full of misfits.
comedy:An unqualified young man has his work cut out for him when he is hired as a rich girl’s bodyguard to keep her from the boyfriend her dad disapproves of.
children:A girl discovers a dog-training app that can get boys to obey her every command. But she soon learns that it isn't the cure-all she had hoped for.
comedy:A philandering small-town mechanic's political ambitions are sparked when the visiting prime minister mistakenly grants him special security clearance.
drama:A change in the leadership of a political party sparks bitter conflict and the party's division into two rival factions.
comedy:Through his relationships with two wildly different women, a vertically challenged bachelor with a larger-than-life persona must discover his purpose.
international:After his father passes, the heir to a retail empire returns to take over the family business but faces a controversy involving laundering and murder.
children:Zig, an island-bound hyena, will do anything to get his paws on Marina the mermaid, but her devoted pal Sharko always comes to her rescue in time.
international:Strong-willed, middle-class Kashaf and carefree, wealthy Zaroon meet in college, but before love can take root, they each have some growing up to do.
drama:Two young parents struggle to keep their marriage afloat and their son protected amidst financial woes, career goals and clashes of ego.
comedy:Three friends on an adventurous road trip/bachelor party in Spain learn some lessons about themselves and each other that will change them forever.
drama:Recovering alcoholic Talal wakes up inside a small-town police station cell, where he's subject to the mind games of a psychotic sadist.
documentary:Born without legs and stuck in foster care for years, teen Zion Clark finds his calling when he pursues competitive wrestling. A documentary short.
children:At Christmas, Zip and Zap take a trip with their parents to a remote island, where a friendly woman runs a children's home and mystery awaits.
documentary:This introspective rockumentary follows the career triumphs and intimate moments of legendary Mexican band Zoé as they embark on a global tour.
other:A political cartoonist, a crime reporter and a pair of cops investigate San Francisco's infamous Zodiac Killer in this thriller based on a true story.
anime:A quest for freedom and legendary treasure begins when a cheerful young adventurer follows his father's footsteps to become the greatest Zoids hunter.
children:When his cruel uncle abandons him, a young orphan learns to access the untapped superpowers that have been waiting within him all along.
children:While living alone in a spooky town, a young girl befriends a motley crew of zombie children with diverse personalities.
comedy:Looking to survive in a world taken over by zombies, a dorky college student teams with an urban roughneck and a pair of grifter sisters.
international:An assortment of talent takes the stage for a night of honest stand-up featuring four of Mexico's funniest LGBTQ comedians.
drama:A drug dealer starts having doubts about his trade as his brother, his client, and two rappers from the slums each battle their own secret addictions.
children:Dragged from civilian life, a former superhero must train a new crop of youthful saviors when the military preps for an attack by a familiar villain.
drama:When Lebanon's Civil War deprives Zozo of his family, he's left with grief and little means as he escapes to Sweden in search of his grandparents.
drama:A scrappy but poor boy worms his way into a tycoon's dysfunctional family, while facing his fear of music and the truth about his past.
documentary:In this documentary, South African rapper Nasty C hits the stage and streets of Tokyo, introducing himself to the city's sights, sounds and culture.
international:Dessert wizard Adriano Zumbo looks for the next “Willy Wonka” in this tense competition that finds skilled amateurs competing for a $100,000 prize.
documentary:This documentary delves into the mystique behind the blues-rock trio and explores how the enigmatic band created their iconic look and sound.
